"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"35685"	"I"	"accept"	" ``In a heartbeat, I accept,'' Clinton said. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199510.gz"
"35687"	"I"	"accept"	" ``In a heartbeat, I accept,'' Clinton said. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199510.gz"
"75179"	"I"	"accept"	" Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but I admit I have a talented soccer player, so as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' said Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the town's YWCA. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199610.gz"
"75183"	"I"	"accept"	" Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but I admit I have a talented soccer player, so as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' said Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the town's YWCA. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199610.gz"
"75185"	"I"	"accept"	" Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but I admit I have a talented soccer player, so as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' said Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the town's YWCA. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199610.gz"
"75232"	"I"	"accept"	" Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but I admit I have a talented soccer player, so as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' said Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the town's YWCA. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199610.gz"
"75236"	"I"	"accept"	" Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but I admit I have a talented soccer player, so as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' said Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the town's YWCA. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199610.gz"
"75238"	"I"	"accept"	" Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but I admit I have a talented soccer player, so as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' said Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the town's YWCA. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199610.gz"
"75334"	"I"	"accept"	" Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but I admit I have a talented soccer player, so as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' said Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the town's YWCA. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199610.gz"
"75548"	"I"	"accept"	" The Dallas businessman John Spano said Tuesday that he was scheduled to fly to New York for a Thursday meeting with Nassau County Executive Thomas Gulotta. They will discuss plans for a new arena for the Islanders because Spano is trying to finalize a deal with John Pickett to purchase the team. ``I know we're close,'' Spano said when asked when he would be prepared to submit a final deal to the league for approval. Spano added that he plans to fly back to New York early next week to hammer out final details of the sale. ... Don Maloney, the former Islander general manager, is the East Coast pro scout for the San Jose Sharks, whom the Islanders play at home on Saturday. ``It's a little uncomfortable,'' Maloney said of returning to the Coliseum. ``But life goes on. I had to do it sooner or later.'' </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19961022.0804 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-PHOTO-FULL-UPDATE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> ATTENTION EDITORS: The following photos are part of tonight's New York Times Photo Full package, moving 10/22/96.  NYT Picture clients will automatically receive these photos via AP's PhotoExpress or may download them from either the Wieck Photo Database in Dallas at 972-392-0888 or from NYTPhotos on NewsCom at 305-448-8411. Non-clients can make individual purchases by calling 212-556-4204.  (NYT18) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- N.J.-GAS-DEREG-CLR, 10-22 -- In a regulated market, customers buy gas only from their local utility. Now, though, prices are open to negotiation and users can buy from a wide array of companies, including small local retailers. Neil Green, president of Brooklyn Power, explains the process to a potential customer in Brooklyn's Bay Ridge section. (Andrea Mohin/New York Times Photo)  (NYT17) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NY-ROCKCLUBS-CLR, 10-22 -- The band Rusted Root performing at Irving Plaza this week, as seen from the sound technicans' area. New York City is one of the cultural capitals of the world, but it's not always easy to present culture here. Simply keeping rock clubs in business is a daily challenge. It is increasingly difficult to find a building in Manhattan with the specifications for a rock club and with the passage of what's been nicknamed ``the rowdy bar bill'', renewals of liquor licenses for existing clubs are now subject to community board review. (Rahav Segev/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT16) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- OLIVER-SACKS-PROFILE-CLR, 10-22 -- Dr. Oliver Sacks finds escape with long swims in Long Island Sound by City Island. Sacks, whose house in City Island is crammed with books, often eats standing up because the kitchen has no table. As a neurologist and author and compassionate observer, Sacks has sailed some of the weirdest and wildest seas of the human experience, charting the interior landscapes of dysfunction, delusion, resilience and adaptability. (James Estrin/The New York Times Photo)  (NYT15) TRENTON, N.J. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NJ-SENATE-BRADY-CLR, 10-22 -- On the steps of the State House in Trenton, James S. Brady endorses Representative Robert G. Torricelli in the race for the Senate seat of Bill Bradley, who is retiring. Torricelli, a Democrat, is running against Representative Richard A. Zimmer, a Republican. (Laura Pedrick/New York Times Photo)  (NYT14) KATONAH, N.Y. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- STARBUCKS-TEMPEST-CLR, 10-22 -- ``You don't need a Starbucks on every corner,'' says Teddy Wainwright, who operates the Baker's Cafe, in Katonah. To understand Katonah's opposition to Starbucks, one must understand this hamlet of less than 5,000, which sees itself as special. Katonah Avenue, the main artery in the commercial district, looks like Main Street, U.S.A., with a soupcon of artsy sophistication. There are no golden arches, no Gap stores, no Blockbuster's video emporiums. (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times Photo)  (NYT13) UNDATED -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- LONDON-ARCHITECTS-CLR, 10-22 -- Architects in the forefront of new London projects: Richard Rogers, right, and Norman Foster, left. The Foster-Rogers rivalry is locally legendary and has attracted the attention of London's tabloid press, which finds irresistible the metaphorical possibilities of the story of two men said to be competing to see whose building is taller. (Jonathan Player/New York Times Photo)  (NYT12) CHICAGO -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- HALLOWEEN-2-CLR, 10-22 -- Cheryl Andersen and her daughter, Jamie, picking out Halloween decorations at Sonny Acres, a store in the suburbs of Chicago. Halloween, which has grown in its appeal to adults as well as children, now produces more profits for retailers than any day except Christmas. (Todd Buchanan/New York Times Photo)  (NYT11) HOUSTON -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- HALLOWEEN-1-CLR, 10-22 -- Cynthia Sanford and her 7-year-old son, Russell, browse among the Halloween costumes at a Target store in Houston. Once upon a time, Halloween was a one-day event for children: trick-or-treat, and that was that. These days, however, it is a monthlong extravaganza, celebrated by children and adults alike and eagerly welcomed by merchandisers as one of the high points of their year. (F. Carter Smith/New York Times Photo)  (NYT10) UNDATED -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- TRADE-LAW, 10-22 -- Stuart E. Eizenstat On on his first diplomatic shuttle abroad, was pelted by eggs in Mexico, infuriated by a new law that punishes certain foreign companies doing business in Cuba. Since Clinton signed the law in March, it has provoked a flurry of denunciations and formal protests from some of America's closest allies that has included, as one State Department official put it, ``the most undiplomatic language I've ever seen.'' (Amy Toensing/New York Times Photo)  (NYT9) GRAND BLANC, Mich. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- DOLE, 10-22 -- Continuing his campaign bus tour in the Midwest, Bob Dole talks with former Secretary of State George P. Shultz at a campaign rally in Grand Blanc, Mich. As Dole soldiers on in the Midwest, he seems tireless and has generally remained chipper. (Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo)  (NYT8) COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NCAA-EDUC, 10-22 -- The NCAAs effort to define good scholarship has kept many good students, like Chris Rohe at the Air Force Academy, out of competition. In Rohe's case, the dispute is over the quality of an English program. Some educational and political officials also question whether the NCAAs whole process of reviewing school transcripts to decide which courses are appropriate and which are not makes sense. (Kevin Moloney/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT7) LA COSTA, Calif. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- CALIF-FIRES-CLR, 10-22 --Firefighters, who worked throughout the night, set up a water pump in a swimming pool on a La Costa hillside, near San Diego. From Big Sur to San Diego, California firefighters are pitting their water-scooping planes and shovel-wielding brawn against a half-dozen blazes that seared more than 30,000 acres in the most destructive firestorms California has seen in three years. (Dave Gatley/New York Times Photo)  (NYT6) UNDATED -- OCT. 22, 1996 -- AFGHAN-U.S., 10-22 -- Women and children rushed into the back of a truck to flee fighting between rival Afghan forces about 10 miles north of Kabul. In the last week, forces loyal to Afghanistan's ousted coalition government have launched a counteroffensive to retake the capital, making it unlikely that the Taliban can consolidate their military gains or establish the nationwide peace that some had imagined. (Alan Chin/New York Times Photo)  (NYT4) WEST BLOOMFIELD, Mich. -- October 22, 1996 -- VALUES-EDUC-CLR, 10-22 -- Values are a part of the curriculum at Scotch Elementary School in West Bloomfield, Mich. In a music class, second graders sang a song of ethnic diversity: ``Each of us is different/And that's O.K. with me.'' Values like good citizenship and respect for others, once confined to social studies classes -- if taught at all -- are becoming a formal part of the curriculum in more and more public schools across the nation. (Peter Yates/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT3) SOMERSET, England -- October 22, 1996 -- BRITAIN-CATTLE-CLR, 10-22 -- Mad cow disease is threatening even the health of British farmers. At the Bridgwater Livestock Market in Somerset, cattle are sold at giveaway prices. Farmers' frustrations have become acute now with evidence that the Government seriously underestimated the number of head of livestock that had to be culled and that slaughterhouses as a result cannot handle the load. (Jonathan Player/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT2) PEMBROKE, Mass. -- October 22, 1996 -- HORSE-MOTEL-CLR, 10-22 -- Jim Balzotti poses with his two horses, Two-Step, left, and Wynston. Balzotti, a former commodities broker, began compiling information for a guide, which he is holding, to lodging and other services for modern-day cowpokes who like to travel with their trotters in tow -- what might be called the bed-and-barn set. (Tom Landers/Boston Globe Photo) *LITE  (NYT1) MONTCLAIR, N.J. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- SOCCER-MOMS-REVIEW-CLR, 10-22 -- Lori Ruzich and her daughter, Maggie, wait for Michael, 6, to finish practice. Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' says Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the Montclair's YWCA. (Norman Y. Lono/New York Times Photo)  N.Y. Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19961022.0805 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-PHOTO-FULL-UPDATE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> ATTENTION EDITORS: The following photos are part of tonight's New York Times Photo Full package, moving 10/22/96.  NYT Picture clients will automatically receive these photos via AP's PhotoExpress or may download them from either the Wieck Photo Database in Dallas at 972-392-0888 or from NYTPhotos on NewsCom at 305-448-8411. Non-clients can make individual purchases by calling 212-556-4204.  (NYT18) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- N.J.-GAS-DEREG-CLR, 10-22 -- In a regulated market, customers buy gas only from their local utility. Now, though, prices are open to negotiation and users can buy from a wide array of companies, including small local retailers. Neil Green, president of Brooklyn Power, explains the process to a potential customer in Brooklyn's Bay Ridge section. (Andrea Mohin/New York Times Photo)  (NYT17) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NY-ROCKCLUBS-CLR, 10-22 -- The band Rusted Root performing at Irving Plaza this week, as seen from the sound technicans' area. New York City is one of the cultural capitals of the world, but it's not always easy to present culture here. Simply keeping rock clubs in business is a daily challenge. It is increasingly difficult to find a building in Manhattan with the specifications for a rock club and with the passage of what's been nicknamed ``the rowdy bar bill'', renewals of liquor licenses for existing clubs are now subject to community board review. (Rahav Segev/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT16) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- OLIVER-SACKS-PROFILE-CLR, 10-22 -- Dr. Oliver Sacks finds escape with long swims in Long Island Sound by City Island. Sacks, whose house in City Island is crammed with books, often eats standing up because the kitchen has no table. As a neurologist and author and compassionate observer, Sacks has sailed some of the weirdest and wildest seas of the human experience, charting the interior landscapes of dysfunction, delusion, resilience and adaptability. (James Estrin/The New York Times Photo)  (NYT15) TRENTON, N.J. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NJ-SENATE-BRADY-CLR, 10-22 -- On the steps of the State House in Trenton, James S. Brady endorses Representative Robert G. Torricelli in the race for the Senate seat of Bill Bradley, who is retiring. Torricelli, a Democrat, is running against Representative Richard A. Zimmer, a Republican. (Laura Pedrick/New York Times Photo)  (NYT14) KATONAH, N.Y. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- STARBUCKS-TEMPEST-CLR, 10-22 -- ``You don't need a Starbucks on every corner,'' says Teddy Wainwright, who operates the Baker's Cafe, in Katonah. To understand Katonah's opposition to Starbucks, one must understand this hamlet of less than 5,000, which sees itself as special. Katonah Avenue, the main artery in the commercial district, looks like Main Street, U.S.A., with a soupcon of artsy sophistication. There are no golden arches, no Gap stores, no Blockbuster's video emporiums. (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times Photo)  (NYT13) UNDATED -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- LONDON-ARCHITECTS-CLR, 10-22 -- Architects in the forefront of new London projects: Richard Rogers, right, and Norman Foster, left. The Foster-Rogers rivalry is locally legendary and has attracted the attention of London's tabloid press, which finds irresistible the metaphorical possibilities of the story of two men said to be competing to see whose building is taller. (Jonathan Player/New York Times Photo)  (NYT12) CHICAGO -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- HALLOWEEN-2-CLR, 10-22 -- Cheryl Andersen and her daughter, Jamie, picking out Halloween decorations at Sonny Acres, a store in the suburbs of Chicago. Halloween, which has grown in its appeal to adults as well as children, now produces more profits for retailers than any day except Christmas. (Todd Buchanan/New York Times Photo)  (NYT11) HOUSTON -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- HALLOWEEN-1-CLR, 10-22 -- Cynthia Sanford and her 7-year-old son, Russell, browse among the Halloween costumes at a Target store in Houston. Once upon a time, Halloween was a one-day event for children: trick-or-treat, and that was that. These days, however, it is a monthlong extravaganza, celebrated by children and adults alike and eagerly welcomed by merchandisers as one of the high points of their year. (F. Carter Smith/New York Times Photo)  (NYT10) UNDATED -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- TRADE-LAW, 10-22 -- Stuart E. Eizenstat On on his first diplomatic shuttle abroad, was pelted by eggs in Mexico, infuriated by a new law that punishes certain foreign companies doing business in Cuba. Since Clinton signed the law in March, it has provoked a flurry of denunciations and formal protests from some of America's closest allies that has included, as one State Department official put it, ``the most undiplomatic language I've ever seen.'' (Amy Toensing/New York Times Photo)  (NYT9) GRAND BLANC, Mich. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- DOLE, 10-22 -- Continuing his campaign bus tour in the Midwest, Bob Dole talks with former Secretary of State George P. Shultz at a campaign rally in Grand Blanc, Mich. As Dole soldiers on in the Midwest, he seems tireless and has generally remained chipper. (Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo)  (NYT8) COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NCAA-EDUC, 10-22 -- The NCAAs effort to define good scholarship has kept many good students, like Chris Rohe at the Air Force Academy, out of competition. In Rohe's case, the dispute is over the quality of an English program. Some educational and political officials also question whether the NCAAs whole process of reviewing school transcripts to decide which courses are appropriate and which are not makes sense. (Kevin Moloney/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT7) LA COSTA, Calif. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- CALIF-FIRES-CLR, 10-22 --Firefighters, who worked throughout the night, set up a water pump in a swimming pool on a La Costa hillside, near San Diego. From Big Sur to San Diego, California firefighters are pitting their water-scooping planes and shovel-wielding brawn against a half-dozen blazes that seared more than 30,000 acres in the most destructive firestorms California has seen in three years. (Dave Gatley/New York Times Photo)  (NYT6) UNDATED -- OCT. 22, 1996 -- AFGHAN-U.S., 10-22 -- Women and children rushed into the back of a truck to flee fighting between rival Afghan forces about 10 miles north of Kabul. In the last week, forces loyal to Afghanistan's ousted coalition government have launched a counteroffensive to retake the capital, making it unlikely that the Taliban can consolidate their military gains or establish the nationwide peace that some had imagined. (Alan Chin/New York Times Photo)  (NYT4) WEST BLOOMFIELD, Mich. -- October 22, 1996 -- VALUES-EDUC-CLR, 10-22 -- Values are a part of the curriculum at Scotch Elementary School in West Bloomfield, Mich. In a music class, second graders sang a song of ethnic diversity: ``Each of us is different/And that's O.K. with me.'' Values like good citizenship and respect for others, once confined to social studies classes -- if taught at all -- are becoming a formal part of the curriculum in more and more public schools across the nation. (Peter Yates/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT3) SOMERSET, England -- October 22, 1996 -- BRITAIN-CATTLE-CLR, 10-22 -- Mad cow disease is threatening even the health of British farmers. At the Bridgwater Livestock Market in Somerset, cattle are sold at giveaway prices. Farmers' frustrations have become acute now with evidence that the Government seriously underestimated the number of head of livestock that had to be culled and that slaughterhouses as a result cannot handle the load. (Jonathan Player/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT2) PEMBROKE, Mass. -- October 22, 1996 -- HORSE-MOTEL-CLR, 10-22 -- Jim Balzotti poses with his two horses, Two-Step, left, and Wynston. Balzotti, a former commodities broker, began compiling information for a guide, which he is holding, to lodging and other services for modern-day cowpokes who like to travel with their trotters in tow -- what might be called the bed-and-barn set. (Tom Landers/Boston Globe Photo) *LITE  (NYT1) MONTCLAIR, N.J. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- SOCCER-MOMS-REVIEW-CLR, 10-22 -- Lori Ruzich and her daughter, Maggie, wait for Michael, 6, to finish practice. Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' says Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the Montclair's YWCA. (Norman Y. Lono/New York Times Photo)  N.Y. Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19961022.0806 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-PHOTO-FULL-UPDATE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> ATTENTION EDITORS: The following photos are part of tonight's New York Times Photo Full package, moving 10/22/96.  NYT Picture clients will automatically receive these photos via AP's PhotoExpress or may download them from either the Wieck Photo Database in Dallas at 972-392-0888 or from NYTPhotos on NewsCom at 305-448-8411. Non-clients can make individual purchases by calling 212-556-4204.  (NYT18) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- N.J.-GAS-DEREG-CLR, 10-22 -- In a regulated market, customers buy gas only from their local utility. Now, though, prices are open to negotiation and users can buy from a wide array of companies, including small local retailers. Neil Green, president of Brooklyn Power, explains the process to a potential customer in Brooklyn's Bay Ridge section. (Andrea Mohin/New York Times Photo)  (NYT17) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NY-ROCKCLUBS-CLR, 10-22 -- The band Rusted Root performing at Irving Plaza this week, as seen from the sound technicans' area. New York City is one of the cultural capitals of the world, but it's not always easy to present culture here. Simply keeping rock clubs in business is a daily challenge. It is increasingly difficult to find a building in Manhattan with the specifications for a rock club and with the passage of what's been nicknamed ``the rowdy bar bill'', renewals of liquor licenses for existing clubs are now subject to community board review. (Rahav Segev/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT16) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- OLIVER-SACKS-PROFILE-CLR, 10-22 -- Dr. Oliver Sacks finds escape with long swims in Long Island Sound by City Island. Sacks, whose house in City Island is crammed with books, often eats standing up because the kitchen has no table. As a neurologist and author and compassionate observer, Sacks has sailed some of the weirdest and wildest seas of the human experience, charting the interior landscapes of dysfunction, delusion, resilience and adaptability. (James Estrin/The New York Times Photo)  (NYT15) TRENTON, N.J. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NJ-SENATE-BRADY-CLR, 10-22 -- On the steps of the State House in Trenton, James S. Brady endorses Representative Robert G. Torricelli in the race for the Senate seat of Bill Bradley, who is retiring. Torricelli, a Democrat, is running against Representative Richard A. Zimmer, a Republican. (Laura Pedrick/New York Times Photo)  (NYT14) KATONAH, N.Y. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- STARBUCKS-TEMPEST-CLR, 10-22 -- ``You don't need a Starbucks on every corner,'' says Teddy Wainwright, who operates the Baker's Cafe, in Katonah. To understand Katonah's opposition to Starbucks, one must understand this hamlet of less than 5,000, which sees itself as special. Katonah Avenue, the main artery in the commercial district, looks like Main Street, U.S.A., with a soupcon of artsy sophistication. There are no golden arches, no Gap stores, no Blockbuster's video emporiums. (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times Photo)  (NYT13) UNDATED -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- LONDON-ARCHITECTS-CLR, 10-22 -- Architects in the forefront of new London projects: Richard Rogers, right, and Norman Foster, left. The Foster-Rogers rivalry is locally legendary and has attracted the attention of London's tabloid press, which finds irresistible the metaphorical possibilities of the story of two men said to be competing to see whose building is taller. (Jonathan Player/New York Times Photo)  (NYT12) CHICAGO -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- HALLOWEEN-2-CLR, 10-22 -- Cheryl Andersen and her daughter, Jamie, picking out Halloween decorations at Sonny Acres, a store in the suburbs of Chicago. Halloween, which has grown in its appeal to adults as well as children, now produces more profits for retailers than any day except Christmas. (Todd Buchanan/New York Times Photo)  (NYT11) HOUSTON -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- HALLOWEEN-1-CLR, 10-22 -- Cynthia Sanford and her 7-year-old son, Russell, browse among the Halloween costumes at a Target store in Houston. Once upon a time, Halloween was a one-day event for children: trick-or-treat, and that was that. These days, however, it is a monthlong extravaganza, celebrated by children and adults alike and eagerly welcomed by merchandisers as one of the high points of their year. (F. Carter Smith/New York Times Photo)  (NYT10) UNDATED -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- TRADE-LAW, 10-22 -- Stuart E. Eizenstat On on his first diplomatic shuttle abroad, was pelted by eggs in Mexico, infuriated by a new law that punishes certain foreign companies doing business in Cuba. Since Clinton signed the law in March, it has provoked a flurry of denunciations and formal protests from some of America's closest allies that has included, as one State Department official put it, ``the most undiplomatic language I've ever seen.'' (Amy Toensing/New York Times Photo)  (NYT9) GRAND BLANC, Mich. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- DOLE, 10-22 -- Continuing his campaign bus tour in the Midwest, Bob Dole talks with former Secretary of State George P. Shultz at a campaign rally in Grand Blanc, Mich. As Dole soldiers on in the Midwest, he seems tireless and has generally remained chipper. (Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo)  (NYT8) COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NCAA-EDUC, 10-22 -- The NCAAs effort to define good scholarship has kept many good students, like Chris Rohe at the Air Force Academy, out of competition. In Rohe's case, the dispute is over the quality of an English program. Some educational and political officials also question whether the NCAAs whole process of reviewing school transcripts to decide which courses are appropriate and which are not makes sense. (Kevin Moloney/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT7) LA COSTA, Calif. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- CALIF-FIRES-CLR, 10-22 --Firefighters, who worked throughout the night, set up a water pump in a swimming pool on a La Costa hillside, near San Diego. From Big Sur to San Diego, California firefighters are pitting their water-scooping planes and shovel-wielding brawn against a half-dozen blazes that seared more than 30,000 acres in the most destructive firestorms California has seen in three years. (Dave Gatley/New York Times Photo)  (NYT6) UNDATED -- OCT. 22, 1996 -- AFGHAN-U.S., 10-22 -- Women and children rushed into the back of a truck to flee fighting between rival Afghan forces about 10 miles north of Kabul. In the last week, forces loyal to Afghanistan's ousted coalition government have launched a counteroffensive to retake the capital, making it unlikely that the Taliban can consolidate their military gains or establish the nationwide peace that some had imagined. (Alan Chin/New York Times Photo)  (NYT4) WEST BLOOMFIELD, Mich. -- October 22, 1996 -- VALUES-EDUC-CLR, 10-22 -- Values are a part of the curriculum at Scotch Elementary School in West Bloomfield, Mich. In a music class, second graders sang a song of ethnic diversity: ``Each of us is different/And that's O.K. with me.'' Values like good citizenship and respect for others, once confined to social studies classes -- if taught at all -- are becoming a formal part of the curriculum in more and more public schools across the nation. (Peter Yates/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT3) SOMERSET, England -- October 22, 1996 -- BRITAIN-CATTLE-CLR, 10-22 -- Mad cow disease is threatening even the health of British farmers. At the Bridgwater Livestock Market in Somerset, cattle are sold at giveaway prices. Farmers' frustrations have become acute now with evidence that the Government seriously underestimated the number of head of livestock that had to be culled and that slaughterhouses as a result cannot handle the load. (Jonathan Player/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT2) PEMBROKE, Mass. -- October 22, 1996 -- HORSE-MOTEL-CLR, 10-22 -- Jim Balzotti poses with his two horses, Two-Step, left, and Wynston. Balzotti, a former commodities broker, began compiling information for a guide, which he is holding, to lodging and other services for modern-day cowpokes who like to travel with their trotters in tow -- what might be called the bed-and-barn set. (Tom Landers/Boston Globe Photo) *LITE  (NYT1) MONTCLAIR, N.J. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- SOCCER-MOMS-REVIEW-CLR, 10-22 -- Lori Ruzich and her daughter, Maggie, wait for Michael, 6, to finish practice. Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' says Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the Montclair's YWCA. (Norman Y. Lono/New York Times Photo)  N.Y. Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19961022.0807 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-PHOTO-FULL-UPDATE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> ATTENTION EDITORS: The following photos are part of tonight's New York Times Photo Full package, moving 10/22/96.  NYT Picture clients will automatically receive these photos via AP's PhotoExpress or may download them from either the Wieck Photo Database in Dallas at 972-392-0888 or from NYTPhotos on NewsCom at 305-448-8411. Non-clients can make individual purchases by calling 212-556-4204.  (NYT18) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- N.J.-GAS-DEREG-CLR, 10-22 -- In a regulated market, customers buy gas only from their local utility. Now, though, prices are open to negotiation and users can buy from a wide array of companies, including small local retailers. Neil Green, president of Brooklyn Power, explains the process to a potential customer in Brooklyn's Bay Ridge section. (Andrea Mohin/New York Times Photo)  (NYT17) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NY-ROCKCLUBS-CLR, 10-22 -- The band Rusted Root performing at Irving Plaza this week, as seen from the sound technicans' area. New York City is one of the cultural capitals of the world, but it's not always easy to present culture here. Simply keeping rock clubs in business is a daily challenge. It is increasingly difficult to find a building in Manhattan with the specifications for a rock club and with the passage of what's been nicknamed ``the rowdy bar bill'', renewals of liquor licenses for existing clubs are now subject to community board review. (Rahav Segev/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT16) NEW YORK -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- OLIVER-SACKS-PROFILE-CLR, 10-22 -- Dr. Oliver Sacks finds escape with long swims in Long Island Sound by City Island. Sacks, whose house in City Island is crammed with books, often eats standing up because the kitchen has no table. As a neurologist and author and compassionate observer, Sacks has sailed some of the weirdest and wildest seas of the human experience, charting the interior landscapes of dysfunction, delusion, resilience and adaptability. (James Estrin/The New York Times Photo)  (NYT15) TRENTON, N.J. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NJ-SENATE-BRADY-CLR, 10-22 -- On the steps of the State House in Trenton, James S. Brady endorses Representative Robert G. Torricelli in the race for the Senate seat of Bill Bradley, who is retiring. Torricelli, a Democrat, is running against Representative Richard A. Zimmer, a Republican. (Laura Pedrick/New York Times Photo)  (NYT14) KATONAH, N.Y. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- STARBUCKS-TEMPEST-CLR, 10-22 -- ``You don't need a Starbucks on every corner,'' says Teddy Wainwright, who operates the Baker's Cafe, in Katonah. To understand Katonah's opposition to Starbucks, one must understand this hamlet of less than 5,000, which sees itself as special. Katonah Avenue, the main artery in the commercial district, looks like Main Street, U.S.A., with a soupcon of artsy sophistication. There are no golden arches, no Gap stores, no Blockbuster's video emporiums. (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times Photo)  (NYT13) UNDATED -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- LONDON-ARCHITECTS-CLR, 10-22 -- Architects in the forefront of new London projects: Richard Rogers, right, and Norman Foster, left. The Foster-Rogers rivalry is locally legendary and has attracted the attention of London's tabloid press, which finds irresistible the metaphorical possibilities of the story of two men said to be competing to see whose building is taller. (Jonathan Player/New York Times Photo)  (NYT12) CHICAGO -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- HALLOWEEN-2-CLR, 10-22 -- Cheryl Andersen and her daughter, Jamie, picking out Halloween decorations at Sonny Acres, a store in the suburbs of Chicago. Halloween, which has grown in its appeal to adults as well as children, now produces more profits for retailers than any day except Christmas. (Todd Buchanan/New York Times Photo)  (NYT11) HOUSTON -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- HALLOWEEN-1-CLR, 10-22 -- Cynthia Sanford and her 7-year-old son, Russell, browse among the Halloween costumes at a Target store in Houston. Once upon a time, Halloween was a one-day event for children: trick-or-treat, and that was that. These days, however, it is a monthlong extravaganza, celebrated by children and adults alike and eagerly welcomed by merchandisers as one of the high points of their year. (F. Carter Smith/New York Times Photo)  (NYT10) UNDATED -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- TRADE-LAW, 10-22 -- Stuart E. Eizenstat On on his first diplomatic shuttle abroad, was pelted by eggs in Mexico, infuriated by a new law that punishes certain foreign companies doing business in Cuba. Since Clinton signed the law in March, it has provoked a flurry of denunciations and formal protests from some of America's closest allies that has included, as one State Department official put it, ``the most undiplomatic language I've ever seen.'' (Amy Toensing/New York Times Photo)  (NYT9) GRAND BLANC, Mich. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- DOLE, 10-22 -- Continuing his campaign bus tour in the Midwest, Bob Dole talks with former Secretary of State George P. Shultz at a campaign rally in Grand Blanc, Mich. As Dole soldiers on in the Midwest, he seems tireless and has generally remained chipper. (Stephen Crowley/New York Times Photo)  (NYT8) COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- NCAA-EDUC, 10-22 -- The NCAAs effort to define good scholarship has kept many good students, like Chris Rohe at the Air Force Academy, out of competition. In Rohe's case, the dispute is over the quality of an English program. Some educational and political officials also question whether the NCAAs whole process of reviewing school transcripts to decide which courses are appropriate and which are not makes sense. (Kevin Moloney/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT7) LA COSTA, Calif. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- CALIF-FIRES-CLR, 10-22 --Firefighters, who worked throughout the night, set up a water pump in a swimming pool on a La Costa hillside, near San Diego. From Big Sur to San Diego, California firefighters are pitting their water-scooping planes and shovel-wielding brawn against a half-dozen blazes that seared more than 30,000 acres in the most destructive firestorms California has seen in three years. (Dave Gatley/New York Times Photo)  (NYT6) UNDATED -- OCT. 22, 1996 -- AFGHAN-U.S., 10-22 -- Women and children rushed into the back of a truck to flee fighting between rival Afghan forces about 10 miles north of Kabul. In the last week, forces loyal to Afghanistan's ousted coalition government have launched a counteroffensive to retake the capital, making it unlikely that the Taliban can consolidate their military gains or establish the nationwide peace that some had imagined. (Alan Chin/New York Times Photo)  (NYT4) WEST BLOOMFIELD, Mich. -- October 22, 1996 -- VALUES-EDUC-CLR, 10-22 -- Values are a part of the curriculum at Scotch Elementary School in West Bloomfield, Mich. In a music class, second graders sang a song of ethnic diversity: ``Each of us is different/And that's O.K. with me.'' Values like good citizenship and respect for others, once confined to social studies classes -- if taught at all -- are becoming a formal part of the curriculum in more and more public schools across the nation. (Peter Yates/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT3) SOMERSET, England -- October 22, 1996 -- BRITAIN-CATTLE-CLR, 10-22 -- Mad cow disease is threatening even the health of British farmers. At the Bridgwater Livestock Market in Somerset, cattle are sold at giveaway prices. Farmers' frustrations have become acute now with evidence that the Government seriously underestimated the number of head of livestock that had to be culled and that slaughterhouses as a result cannot handle the load. (Jonathan Player/New York Times Photo) *LITE  (NYT2) PEMBROKE, Mass. -- October 22, 1996 -- HORSE-MOTEL-CLR, 10-22 -- Jim Balzotti poses with his two horses, Two-Step, left, and Wynston. Balzotti, a former commodities broker, began compiling information for a guide, which he is holding, to lodging and other services for modern-day cowpokes who like to travel with their trotters in tow -- what might be called the bed-and-barn set. (Tom Landers/Boston Globe Photo) *LITE  (NYT1) MONTCLAIR, N.J. -- Oct. 22, 1996 -- SOCCER-MOMS-REVIEW-CLR, 10-22 -- Lori Ruzich and her daughter, Maggie, wait for Michael, 6, to finish practice. Soccer moms also bristle at the term because they find it vaguely insulting. ``I hate to be a whole breed of something, but as long as it is Dr. Soccer Mom, because I have a Ph.D., I accept,'' says Ann-Marie Nazzaro, the director of the Montclair's YWCA. (Norman Y. Lono/New York Times Photo)  N.Y. Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19961022.0808 type=story > <HEADLINE> AUSTRALIA INFLATION EASES: RATE CUT CHANCES SEEN INCREASING </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> Sydney, Oct. 23 (Bloomberg) (BC-AUSTRALIA-INFLATION-RATES-BLOOM) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199610.gz"
