"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"146322"	"he"	"acquired"	" It wasn't important to him, Freedman said. People were important to him. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20041123.0355 type=advis > <HEADLINE> CORLIES SMITH, EDITOR OF ALL-STAR AUTHORS, IS DEAD AT 75 </HEADLINE> <TEXT> Corlies Smith, a New York book editor who in a 50-year career published an all-star list of writers, from Muriel Spark and Jimmy Breslin to William Trevor and Calvin Trillin, died on Monday in Manhattan. He was 75.  The cause was emphysema, said his wife, Sheila.  Smith, who was known as Cork, was one of the last of a breed. When he first went to work, in 1952, publishing was a still a profession for tweedy, Ivy League types who, in their younger days at least, were required to down multiple martinis at lunch and then put in an afternoon's work. Smith fit the bill perfectly. He was tall and good-looking, known for his elegant manners and tart one-liners. But there was nothing snobbish or old fashioned about his taste. In the late 50s he was the first editor to spot the then unknown Thomas Pynchon; later he was the first to realize that Breslin was much more than a newspaper columnist.  Smith was renowned for his line editing, and for his ability to win the trust of writers as different as Pynchon, famously reclusive, and Breslin, famously street-smart. He was also an enterprising publisher. In 1981, for example, he rescued William Kennedy's Pulitzer Prize-winning novel Ironweed, which had bounced around some 13 publishing houses with little success. Knowing that Saul Bellow was an admirer of Kennedy, Smith persuaded him to go public with an endorsement. He then signed up Ironweed for his own firm, Viking, and got Penguin, Viking's paperback subsidiary, to reissue simultaneously two earlier Kennedy novels, Billy Phelan's Greatest Game and Legs. I didn't think of this as a trilogy, Kennedy said Tuesday. For me it was just one book after another. But Cork made it into a trilogy, and he turned the whole thing into an event.  Smith loved literary books, the more highbrow the better, but he was also a shrewd judge of mass market titles, including best-selling ones by Clive Cussler and Jeffrey Archer. To agents or writers who did not know him, Smith would introduce himself by saying, I have a good nose for vanguard fiction, I handle all the sports books, and I have a golden touch with commercial crap. All were true.  Corlies Morgan Smith was born on March 31, 1929, to a Philadelphia family so proper that one of its matriarchs was known to say, It's not a sin to be a Presbyterian -- it's just a social error. His mother's maiden name was Mary Howard Stewart; his father, C. Ross Smith, taught English at the University of Pennsylvania. Smith attended Episcopal Academy in Philadelphia and then Yale, from which he graduated, somewhat unenthusiastically, in 1951.  A year later he went to work for J.B. Lippincott, a venerable Philadelphia publishing firm, and became co-editor of New World Writing, a Lippincott-sponsored periodical devoted to new and experimental fiction. It was there, while trolling through the slush pile, that he discovered the work of, among others, Tillie Olsen and Pynchon, and he went on to publish Pynchon's first two books at Lippincott, V and The Crying of Lot 49. (Later, he acquired, though he did not ultimately edit, Pynchon's third book, Gravity's Rainbow.).  In 1962, following in the tracks of his good friend Alan Williams, another famous editor of the old school, Smith moved to Viking, a New York publishing house. Cork was the perfect editor, Thomas Guinzburg, then the head and owner of Viking, recalled yesterday. Writers loved him and agents respected him, because they knew there was no guile. He spoke the truth not as he saw it, but as it was. While at Viking, Smith expanded his list until it became a collection of many of the best writers working in English, and one of his numerous discoveries, John Williams, won the 1973 National Book Award for Augustus, his novel about the Roman emperor.  In 1983 Smith left Viking, and a year later he became editorial director of Ticknor &amp; Fields. After a dispute, he resigned from Ticknor in 1989 and moved to Harcourt Brace, where he became editor in chief and remained until his retirement in 1994. Many of his writers, like Carolyn Chute, loyally followed him from stop to stop, and he continued to search for new ones. After retirement he continued to freelance and frequently called old colleagues with tips about talented prospects.  Smith was a lifelong fan of the Philadelphia Phillies, and supplied the writer Roger Angell with an immortal line when, after the Phillies won the 1980 World Series, he leaned over to another fan and said, Kiss me, Hardy, I'm dying! He got Angell started with baseball books when he published The Summer Game, in 1972, and he also encouraged Breslin to write his early history of the Mets, Can't Anybody Here Play This Game?  His allegiances were very simple, Breslin said. He was loyal to his family, to his friends and to the English language. He was always reading some old thing from the past. I couldn't keep up.  Smith is survived by his wife; by four sons, Mark, of Lenox, Mass.; Nicholas, of San Francisco; Peter, of Williamstown, Mass.; and Timothy, of Philadelphia; a daughter, Baylies Olin, of Rochester; a brother, C. Ross, of Cocoa, Fla.; and seven grandchildren.  There will be no memorial service, Guinzburg said, because Cork said he didn't want a bunch of smart-aleck writers and editors standing up and talking about how great he was. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20041123.0356 type=story > <HEADLINE> STUN GUN WAS USED ON FINANCIER, EXPERT SAYS </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> RIVERHEAD, N.Y. </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200411.gz"
