"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"15517"	"they"	"call"	" ``Everybody's booking away from Delta. We have a phone tree, a bunch of agents who have 10 other agents to call. Once it's determined which flights to block, they call,'' said an agent who spoke on condition of anonymity. ``We grab seats, we don't put a name on it. We just just hold up seats from the reservation system...releasing them one minute before flight time. And Delta ends up with empty seats. Isn't that terrible? We screwed them up so badly last week when school vacation started. They deserve it.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_199502.gz"
"68536"	"they"	"call"	" If they're sick, they call. You can't help. If they're having trouble in a class, they call. You can't help. If they're having problems of a romantic nature, they call. You can't help. If they're broke, they call, and well, I guess you can help a little. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199608.gz"
"94797"	"they"	"call"	" Podesta said he would lobby Congress, help with strategy and advertising and go on talk shows. ``I told somebody the other day that I had a new standard for going on television, and he said, `Yeah, they call, you go.''' </P> "	"nyt_eng_200107.gz"
"98056"	"they"	"call"	" Word around Ottawa last week was that the Senators were eyeing a deal with Dallas that would bring 35-year-old pivot Joe Nieuwendyk to Ottawa. The deal would clear Nieuwendyk's $5.5 million from the payroll, and perhaps encourage the free-spending Stars to make a bid for Bruins free agent Jason Allison. The kind of names that would interest Boston: Jamie Langenbrunner, Brenden Morrow, Richard Matvichuk, and perhaps Darryl Sydor _ a couple of players from that group. Bruins GM Mike O'Connell won't name the teams, but he says three or four clubs have evinced interest in swapping for Allison. ``They call, they call, they call,'' said O'Connell, the exasperation obvious in his voice. ``But what they're offering doesn't interest us.'' O'Connell's first preference remains to sign his top-scoring team captain. Prediction: Either Allison signs here for Bill Guerin-Martin Lapointe money (a touch over $5 million per year) or he gets dealt in the next 5-6 weeks . . . The Hurricanes hired ex-Phoenix GM Bobby Smith as a consultant, and the former Habs center will scout the Western Conference for the Former Forever .500s. Smith is one of the guys, along with Neil Smith and Doug Soetaert, who interviewed in Florida as the GM to succeed Bill Torrey . . . Beginning next season, NHLers won't be able to take the ice unless their rock-hard elbow pads are covered with a soft padding. A league panel found that the gear currently used is too often the cause of concussions . . . The mysterious illness that kept Dominik Hasek hospitalized for a couple of weeks this summer in the Czech Republic? No one is certain, but Hasek's agent, Rich Winter, theorizes Hasek might have been suffering from Lyme disease _ the nasty bug typically contracted from a tick bite. Earlier in the summer, Hasek paid a visit to John Rigas at the Sabres owner's summer home in the woods of Pennsylvania . . . Fred Creighton, Boston's coach in Bourque's 1979-80 rookie season, now owns and operates four Little Caesar's pizza shops in Sacramento. His most recent days in hockey were the three years with the Charlotte Checkers (ECHL) in the latter part of the '90s. ``It was tough to go back, 25 years later,'' said Creighton, now 68 years old. ``I started my career there, really, but too much had changed _ with the city and with the hockey.'' . . . Former Bruins assistant coach John Cunniff, formerly of South Boston, recently completed chemotherapy treatments for throat cancer. Among your faithful correspondent's top memories on the beat: Touring the beaches of Normandy with Cunniff and the USA men's Olympic hockey squad prior to the '94 Games in Lillehammer . . . O'Connell on the look of his club on opening night: ``They were harrassing the opposition in all three zones, moving as a unit, and with an urgency to score. And I can think of four crunching hits, by Guerin, Lapointe, (Kyle) McLaren, and (Hal) Gill. It's early, obviously, but I liked all that, and the fact that we seemed in control all night long.'' . . . Ex-Bruins great Brad Park attended the Bourque ceremonies. ``I think everybody had goosebumps,'' said Park, his greatness sometimes overlooked in the transition from Bobby Orr to Bourque on the Boston blue line. ``I think anyone who's spent time with Ray has strong feelings of affection for him. He is one of the nice success stories.'' Park is back dabbling in the ice game, acting as a consultant to Rangers GM Glen Sather. Just thinking: Was there anyone better than Park for holding on to the puck, standing still, and letting the rest of the world flail in futility? </P> "	"nyt_eng_200110.gz"
