"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"6687"	"he"	"complains"	" ``I always felt like I got sidetracked,'' he says. ``I was groomed to be a music student. I studied at Juilliard, and I went to North Carolina State on a music scholarship.'' Tesh graduated, however, as a communications major, and backed into composing again while on staff at CBS Sports. Respect, he complains, is hard to find. ``If you do TV music in Los Angeles, then that's what you do. You don't do films.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_199410.gz"
"26595"	"he"	"complains"	" Five years into the government's privatization effort, he complains, the vast majority of Romania's businesses still are owned by the state. Moreover, he charges, government at the highest levels is marked by corruption and profiteering. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199506.gz"
"27509"	"he"	"complains"	" Ayres' interests run to whether the government will improve its crime-fighting policies, raise educational standards, halt the decline of the national health service and restore economic confidence. Instead, he complains, the Conservatives seem fixated on their own divisions over dealing with the European Union _ and panicky at the prospect of losing to Labor in the next general election, which must be held by April 1997. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199507.gz"
"27628"	"he"	"complains"	" Ayres' interests run to whether the government will improve its crime-fighting policies, raise educational standards, halt the decline of the national health service and restore economic confidence. Instead, he complains, the Conservatives seem fixated on their own divisions over dealing with the European Union _ and panicky at the prospect of losing to Labor in the next general election, which must be held by April 1997. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199507.gz"
"28890"	"he"	"complains"	" More recently, he complains, ``For Bush and his friends, a senator like D'Amato was to be endured at best, humored when need be, and ignored most of the time.'' He writes that Bush's secretary of State, James Baker, ``is a blue blood, a snob, and he didn't hide the fact that he really didn't care for ethnic Americans of any stripe.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_199507.gz"
"30959"	"he"	"complains"	" One result, he complains, is a bleating cacophony instead of one voice, creating policies that contain many points of view but no point. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199508.gz"
"32531"	"she"	"complains"	" Also necessary for young readers, she complains, is responsible handling of some tough topics in the new series. ``With the drug use and date rape, they raise the issues but don't give kids a handle on it,'' Appleby-Vanko says. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199508.gz"
"32667"	"she"	"complains"	" Also necessary for young readers, she complains, is responsible handling of some tough topics in the new series. ``With the drug use and date rape, they raise the issues but don't give kids a handle on it,'' Appleby-Vanko says. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199508.gz"
"33221"	"he"	"complains"	" It is pouring its meager resources, he complains, into linking the delta to the Yangtze's distant hinterland, Sichuan province and beyond, before first tying together the country's disparate coastal successes: in Guangdong and Fujian provinces, along the Yangtze delta, north along the Bohai gulf, and in Manchuria. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199509.gz"
"33222"	"he"	"complains"	" It is pouring its meager resources, he complains, into linking the delta to the Yangtze's distant hinterland, Sichuan province and beyond, before first tying together the country's disparate coastal successes: in Guangdong and Fujian provinces, along the Yangtze delta, north along the Bohai gulf, and in Manchuria. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199509.gz"
"33532"	"he"	"complains"	" It is pouring its meager resources, he complains, into linking the delta to the Yangtze's distant hinterland, Sichuan province and beyond, before first tying together the country's disparate coastal successes: in Guangdong and Fujian provinces, along the Yangtze delta, north along the Bohai gulf, and in Manchuria. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199509.gz"
"33535"	"he"	"complains"	" It is pouring its meager resources, he complains, into linking the delta to the Yangtze's distant hinterland, Sichuan province and beyond, before first tying together the country's disparate coastal successes: in Guangdong and Fujian provinces, along the Yangtze delta, north along the Bohai gulf, and in Manchuria. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199509.gz"
"50986"	"she"	"complains"	" There is pressure all around her, she complains, to choose and commit. It comes from friends, from parents, from potential employers, all of them beating the same maddening drum: competition is everywhere. You must dive in and start swimming. Stragglers lose. But what if you just don't know? And what if you choose wrong, plunging into a career only to find yourself trapped later in something you hate? </P> "	"nyt_eng_199603.gz"
"51065"	"she"	"complains"	" There is pressure all around her, she complains, to choose and commit. It comes from friends, from parents, from potential employers, all of them beating the same maddening drum: competition is everywhere. You must dive in and start swimming. Stragglers lose. But what if you just don't know? And what if you choose wrong, plunging into a career only to find yourself trapped later in something you hate? </P> "	"nyt_eng_199603.gz"
"81188"	"she"	"complains"	" Now, she complains, ``every time I say something the slightest bit not nice, somebody gets all offended and says, `You're not the queen of nice. You're the queen of nothin'!' '' </P> "	"nyt_eng_199612.gz"
"81255"	"she"	"complains"	" Now, she complains, ``every time I say something the slightest bit not nice, somebody gets all offended and says, `You're not the queen of nice. You're the queen of nothin'!' '' </P> "	"nyt_eng_199612.gz"
"88239"	"she"	"complains"	" The company went public in October at 10 a share, raising $33 million in an initial public offering led by Donaldson, Lufkin &AMP; Jenrette Securities Corp. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970227.0188 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-CELEBRITIES-ADVISORY-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> (ATTN: Managing editors, entertainment editors, weekend editors:)  The New York Times News Service calls your attention to the following celebrity profiles and features.  The articles, which moved within the last week, are from The New York Times (NYT), Boston Globe (BOS), Los Angeles Daily News (LADN), San Francisco Chronicle (SFCHRON), Seattle Post-Intelligencer (SPI), Fort Worth Star-Telegram (TEX) and Kansas City Star (KAN).  Photos, where indicated, have been sent to NYT photo clients. Nonsubscribers can make individual purchase by calling 212-556-4204.  For retransmissions of these stories, please call 212-556-1927.  MOVIES  MEDAVOY-FILMMAKER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Hollywood) _ Mike Medavoy is, in some ways, having the last laugh. By Bernard Weinraub. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  FILM-DIRECTORS-PEEVES-NYT (Undated) _ It was on the second day of directing his first feature film, the shoestring-budget ``Johns,'' that Scott Silver's mother arrived on the set. Silver had given her a bit part, along with the admonition not to disturb him while he was directing. But for Mrs. Silver, the sight of her son, the director, proved too much. By Jill Gerston. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  VANESSA-REDGRAVE-NYT (Undated) _ Vanessa Redgrave is 60 now. She is still beautiful and still possessed of a luminosity that is just short of radioactive. And she still troubles and baffles an audience that really wants only to worship her. By Ben Brantley. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  MOVIES-TOOLONG-KAN (Kansas City) _ Movies can make our pulses race, our palms sweat, our hair stand on end and our stomachs spasm in laughter. Increasingly, though, they're making our posteriors numb. Movies are getting longer. By Kenneth Butler. Moved 2-25.  LILLIAN-GISH-ART-NYT (Undated) _ By common consent the greatest actress of the silent era, Lillian Gish personified that remarkable epoch. Her integrity and dedication are among the proudest aspects of the period. By Kevin Brownlow. W/photo. Moved 2-26 for 3-2.  FILM-ALLEN-$ADV02-SFCHRON (Undated) _ For thrills, Tim Allen races souped-up Mustangs at Sears Point Raceway in Sonoma, Calif., and other tracks around the country. But he steers his acting career like a Volvo. By Sylvia Rubin.  THEATER  STAGE-CALIGARI-BOS (Boston) _ Everything is music to composer John Moran's ears. By Patti Hartigan. Moved 2-24.  BETTY-BUCKLEY-COX (Undated) _ Magazines from Entertainment Weekly to Variety have called Betty Buckley ``the finest voice in musical theater today.'' By Hap Epstein. Moved 2-24.  SHER-PROFILE-NYT (New York) _ Antony Sher is a triple-threat: an actor, author and artist. By Mel Gussow. Moved 2-21.  `CHICAGO'-SUSHI-ART-NYT (New York) _ At family picnics, Michael Berresse's mother always served snails. But of course _ the Berresses' ancestors came from France. Upholding the family's tradition for serving unusual foods in unusual settings, Berresse, an actor who is in the cast of the Broadway musical ``Chicago,'' often makes sushi backstage _ good sushi. By Marian Burros. W/Photo. Moved 2-25.  TELEVISION  TV-GAYS-REVIEW-NYT (Undated) _ Why are people all atwitter at the possibility that the lead character of the sitcom ``Ellen,'' played by Ellen DeGeneres, will come out of the closet on television? What's the big deal? There have been hordes of openly gay characters before her, especially in made-for-television movies, since ``That Certain Summer'' in 1971. Moved 2-22.  ARSENIO-SITCOM-TV-ART-NYT (Studio City) _ Arsenio Hall, the pioneering former late-night talk-show host with the high-wattage smile and snappy one-liners, is trying to revive his career after an unusual three-year absence that included a long vacation, time spent caring for his ailing mother and a failed attempt to become a movie actor and producer.By James Sterngold. W/photo. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  BOOKS  OTT-PROFILE-MEDIA-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Bill Ott is editor and publisher of the American Library Association's Booklist, a book review publication that serves as an acquisitions bible for public and school librarians throughout the United States. As such, he is a man with an outsized influence on the fortunes of undersized publishers. By Susan DeGrange. W/Photo. Moved 2-23.  LITERARY-BREAKFAST-NYT (New York) _ In more civilized days, Norma Feder could stroll into the chichi restaurant at Barneys just minutes before Harold Evans' monthly literary breakfast and snag a choice seat. Now, she complains, she must show up a good half-hour before its 8:30 a.m. start to beat the clamoring hordes and claim her favorite perch, a tall bar stool along one wall. By Frank Bruni. Moved 2-23.  BOOKS-DEXTER-BOS (Cambridge, Mass.) _Inspector Morse, as fans of the eponymous television show know, is the altered ego of Colin Dexter, also of Oxford. By M.R. Montgomery. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  LEAVITT-WRITER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Rome) _ The last time David Leavitt mixed fact and fiction, it exploded in his face. By Celestine Bohlen. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  GOLDMAN-BOOK-SPI (Seattle) _ For Fred Goldman, the nightmares continue and the fantasies still fester _ picking up a gun, forcing a confession, then blasting the life out of O.J. Simpson, the man Goldman will go to his grave believing butchered his 25-year-old son, Ron. By Ellis Conklin. Moved 2-26.  MUSIC  MUSIC-DYLAN-BOS (Undated) _ Being the son of a rock 'n' roll god isn't everything. Just ask Jakob Dylan. He's the son of legendary folk-rock laureate Bob Dylan, but Jakob still isn't sure whether that's been a help or a hindrance. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-24.  ROCK-MOTHER-ART-BOS (Newport R.I.) _ With the same hand that strums an E chord onstage, Kristin Hersh swabs ears, caresses chins, and spreads peanut butter for sandwiches because, in this house, Mom plays guitar for Throwing Muses. By Michael Sanders. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  MUSIC-POWERMAN-BOS (Undated) _ If you were to call the music made by any normal self-respecting rocker a cartoon, you might have to brace yourself for a slap upside the head. Not so Powerman 5000. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-20.  MUSIC-LIVE-BOS (Undated) _ Like their pro-athlete counterparts, many rock acts seem more focused on money than on anything else. Too many bands clone whatever is selling, whether it's alternative rock or the latest craze, techno music. But ever since the band Live started as teen-age friends in a garage in York, Pa., it has followed a more personal vision. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-RUTH-BOS (Undated) _ Ruth Slenczynska was the David Helfgott of her day, so it seemed apropriate to call her up and talk about ``Shine,'' the popular film biography of a former child-prodigy pianist who suffered a mental breakdown from which he has now partially recovered. By Richard Dyer. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-STERN-BOS (Undated) _ Howard Stern: Love him or loathe him, the shock jock of the FM airwaves _ poster boy for the proud politically incorrect _ sure has clout. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-26.  MACHAUT-MUSIC-NYT (Undated) _ It may be time to put in a word for the songs of Guillaume de Machaut, which seem to have slipped through whatever nets we are using at the moment to trawl the past. By Paul Griffiths. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  SPORTS  FELICIA-MOON-HNS (Missouri City, Texas) _ In the year that has passed since jurors in a widely publicized trial found her football star husband, Warren Moon, innocent of beating her, Felicia Moon has come to terms with the criminal justice system _ a system she contended was too involved in her family's problems. Today she has actively joined hands with that system. By Patti Muck. Moved 2-21.  BBO-SELIG-NYT (Undated) _ If it talks like a commissioner, walks like a commissioner, acts like a commissioner, smells like a commissioner and is paid like a commissioner, it figures to be a commissioner. But not according to Bud Selig, the man who has popularly been identified for nearly four and a half years as baseball's acting commissioner. By Murray Chass. Moved 2-22.  BBO-FORGOTTENMAN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Larry Doby remembers clearly his first day in the major leagues, that day 50 years ago when he broke the color barrier in the American League. It was 11 weeks after Jackie Robinson had played his first game for the Brooklyn Dodgers in the National League. Doby remembers the excitement of that day when he became only the second black player in the major leagues _ he had hardly slept in four nights leading up to it _ and he remembers the dismay. By Ira Berkow. W/Photo. Moved 2-22.  BBO-BERKOW-COLUMN-NYT (Undated) _ Dave Bresnahan, now a 35-year-old stockbroker with a wife and two small children, finds it curious that, after a decade, people should remember his unique contribution to baseball _ the day, as a catcher in the minor leagues, he substituted a peeled potato for a ball in a game. By Ira Berkow. Moved 2-24.  STEFFI-GRAF-HNS (San Francisco) _ Steffi Graf's magnificent legs carried her to a different realm this week. By Gwen Knapp. Moved 2-24.  ARMSTRONG-CYCLING-TEX (Austin) _ Premier American cyclist Lance Armstrong is fighting cancer. By Jill Dorson. Moved 2-25.  GENERAL  EGGS-COLLECT-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Ed Harrison is the owner of a skyscraper, the president of a successful oil company and the manager of a prime portfolio of Los Angeles real estate. But his friends just call him ``The Egg Man'' or, as he prefers to be known, the last of the great oologists. By Christopher Noxon. Moved 2-24.  LA-MAYOR-HAYDEN-PROFILE-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Tom Hayden is in his element. Striding down a bustling Hollywood Boulevard last Sunday afternoon toward a bouquet of media microphones stationed at Las Palmas Avenue, Hayden leaves a sea of turned heads in his wake _ some with puzzled, that-guy-looks-familiar facial expressions, others who clearly recognize the perpetual human lightning rod running against Richard Riordan for mayor of Los Angeles. By Dennis Love. Moved 2-22.  NICARAGUA-ALEMAN-NYT (Managua) _ As a candidate for president last year, Arnoldo Aleman promised a break with the way things have always been done here, starting with a bureaucracy he mocked as corrupt, sluggish and unresponsive. Barely a month after beginning his five-year term, his unconventional methods have given a whole new meaning to his campaign pledge that ``a change is coming.'' By Larry Rohter. Moved 2-21.  MODE-MAGAZINE-NYT (Undated) _ Here's a surprising state of affairs: the editor of a fashion magazine who can't find anything to wear. But such is the predicament of being on the far side of size 12, says Veronique Vienne, the editor of Mode, a glossy new monthly for plus-size women. By Stephen Henderson. Moved 2-21.  SCI-AMAZON-WOMEN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ The ancient Greeks could certainly tell a good yarn. Cultivating a kernel of fact, or less, they could bring forth a feast of a story to nourish imaginations down through the ages. One such tale was about a society of fierce warrior women _ the Amazons. By John Wilford. W/Map. Moved 2-24.  JEWISH-FASCIST-HNS (Albany, N.Y.) _ Kate Cohen had heard the stories about her Jewish relatives in Florence, Italy. She had visited them as a young girl and as a student at Dartmouth College. But nothing prepared her for the startling fact she discovered reading their World War II-era diaries five years ago: The Jewish family's patriarch, a Florentine-born Jew, was a member of Italy's Fascist Party. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-24.  MAGIC-PENNANDTELLER-TEX (Undated) _ For more than 20 years, Penn &AMP; Teller have been trying to convince us that magic is nothing but a load of hooey. They've flown in the face of the medium's every convention, antagonizing other illusionists and revealing the secrets behind classic tricks. By Todd Camp. Moved 2-24.  CHICAGO-GIRLX-BOS (Chicago) _ In a coma, Girl X, so named to protect her anonymity as a victim of sexual assault, has become a symbol of the extent to which Chicago has become inured to everyday depravities. Moved 2-26.  NY-FIRST-LADIES-HNS (Albany) _ Robert Bennett, who lived on the third floor of the mansion for two decades, directly above the governor's bedroom, offers a rare window onto the seldom-seen interior lives of New York state's First Ladies _ a secret history, if you will. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-25.  NY-STEPHANOPOULOS-NYT (Undated) _ Not every 36-year-old freshly arrived in Manhattan is immediately invited to dinner (and provided with a tuxedo) by Ralph Lauren, or to a lunch given by Vogue editor Anna Wintour for Katharine Graham, or to an opening of the Byzantium exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, or to an evening of pizza with a clutch of New York intellectuals pondering the future of American labor. But not everybody is George Stephanopoulos. By Elisabeth Bumiller. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  OPRAH'S-BOYFRIEND-PROFILE-ART-NYT (New York) _ They USED to call him `Oprah's Boyfriend,'' Stedman Graham says. By Michel Marriott. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  TURKEY-POET-REVIVE-ART-NYT (Istanbul, Turkey) _ As Turkey settles into what is likely to be an extended confrontation between secular and pro-Islamic forces, symbols take on exaggerated political importance for both sides. Perhaps no individual crystallizes the conflict better than Nazim Hikmet, atheist and Communist and also one of the greatest literary figures ever to emerge from this country. By Stephen Kinzer. W/map. Moved 2-26.  NY-AERIE-LOFT-ART-NYT (New York) _ You can shower naked out of doors in total privacy,'' promised the fashion illustrator Ruben Toledo. And he does. Neighboring skyscrapers and passing falcons notwithstanding, Toledo and his wife, the fashion designer Isabel Toledo, have created a reclusive world in the theatrical, high-ceilinged penthouse loft they share atop a 19th-century uilding on Broadway south of Herald Square. By Christopher Mason. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  The New York Times News Service. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970227.0189 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-CELEBRITIES-ADVISORY-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> (ATTN: Managing editors, entertainment editors, weekend editors:)  The New York Times News Service calls your attention to the following celebrity profiles and features.  The articles, which moved within the last week, are from The New York Times (NYT), Boston Globe (BOS), Los Angeles Daily News (LADN), San Francisco Chronicle (SFCHRON), Seattle Post-Intelligencer (SPI), Fort Worth Star-Telegram (TEX) and Kansas City Star (KAN).  Photos, where indicated, have been sent to NYT photo clients. Nonsubscribers can make individual purchase by calling 212-556-4204.  For retransmissions of these stories, please call 212-556-1927.  MOVIES  MEDAVOY-FILMMAKER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Hollywood) _ Mike Medavoy is, in some ways, having the last laugh. By Bernard Weinraub. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  FILM-DIRECTORS-PEEVES-NYT (Undated) _ It was on the second day of directing his first feature film, the shoestring-budget ``Johns,'' that Scott Silver's mother arrived on the set. Silver had given her a bit part, along with the admonition not to disturb him while he was directing. But for Mrs. Silver, the sight of her son, the director, proved too much. By Jill Gerston. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  VANESSA-REDGRAVE-NYT (Undated) _ Vanessa Redgrave is 60 now. She is still beautiful and still possessed of a luminosity that is just short of radioactive. And she still troubles and baffles an audience that really wants only to worship her. By Ben Brantley. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  MOVIES-TOOLONG-KAN (Kansas City) _ Movies can make our pulses race, our palms sweat, our hair stand on end and our stomachs spasm in laughter. Increasingly, though, they're making our posteriors numb. Movies are getting longer. By Kenneth Butler. Moved 2-25.  LILLIAN-GISH-ART-NYT (Undated) _ By common consent the greatest actress of the silent era, Lillian Gish personified that remarkable epoch. Her integrity and dedication are among the proudest aspects of the period. By Kevin Brownlow. W/photo. Moved 2-26 for 3-2.  FILM-ALLEN-$ADV02-SFCHRON (Undated) _ For thrills, Tim Allen races souped-up Mustangs at Sears Point Raceway in Sonoma, Calif., and other tracks around the country. But he steers his acting career like a Volvo. By Sylvia Rubin.  THEATER  STAGE-CALIGARI-BOS (Boston) _ Everything is music to composer John Moran's ears. By Patti Hartigan. Moved 2-24.  BETTY-BUCKLEY-COX (Undated) _ Magazines from Entertainment Weekly to Variety have called Betty Buckley ``the finest voice in musical theater today.'' By Hap Epstein. Moved 2-24.  SHER-PROFILE-NYT (New York) _ Antony Sher is a triple-threat: an actor, author and artist. By Mel Gussow. Moved 2-21.  `CHICAGO'-SUSHI-ART-NYT (New York) _ At family picnics, Michael Berresse's mother always served snails. But of course _ the Berresses' ancestors came from France. Upholding the family's tradition for serving unusual foods in unusual settings, Berresse, an actor who is in the cast of the Broadway musical ``Chicago,'' often makes sushi backstage _ good sushi. By Marian Burros. W/Photo. Moved 2-25.  TELEVISION  TV-GAYS-REVIEW-NYT (Undated) _ Why are people all atwitter at the possibility that the lead character of the sitcom ``Ellen,'' played by Ellen DeGeneres, will come out of the closet on television? What's the big deal? There have been hordes of openly gay characters before her, especially in made-for-television movies, since ``That Certain Summer'' in 1971. Moved 2-22.  ARSENIO-SITCOM-TV-ART-NYT (Studio City) _ Arsenio Hall, the pioneering former late-night talk-show host with the high-wattage smile and snappy one-liners, is trying to revive his career after an unusual three-year absence that included a long vacation, time spent caring for his ailing mother and a failed attempt to become a movie actor and producer.By James Sterngold. W/photo. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  BOOKS  OTT-PROFILE-MEDIA-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Bill Ott is editor and publisher of the American Library Association's Booklist, a book review publication that serves as an acquisitions bible for public and school librarians throughout the United States. As such, he is a man with an outsized influence on the fortunes of undersized publishers. By Susan DeGrange. W/Photo. Moved 2-23.  LITERARY-BREAKFAST-NYT (New York) _ In more civilized days, Norma Feder could stroll into the chichi restaurant at Barneys just minutes before Harold Evans' monthly literary breakfast and snag a choice seat. Now, she complains, she must show up a good half-hour before its 8:30 a.m. start to beat the clamoring hordes and claim her favorite perch, a tall bar stool along one wall. By Frank Bruni. Moved 2-23.  BOOKS-DEXTER-BOS (Cambridge, Mass.) _Inspector Morse, as fans of the eponymous television show know, is the altered ego of Colin Dexter, also of Oxford. By M.R. Montgomery. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  LEAVITT-WRITER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Rome) _ The last time David Leavitt mixed fact and fiction, it exploded in his face. By Celestine Bohlen. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  GOLDMAN-BOOK-SPI (Seattle) _ For Fred Goldman, the nightmares continue and the fantasies still fester _ picking up a gun, forcing a confession, then blasting the life out of O.J. Simpson, the man Goldman will go to his grave believing butchered his 25-year-old son, Ron. By Ellis Conklin. Moved 2-26.  MUSIC  MUSIC-DYLAN-BOS (Undated) _ Being the son of a rock 'n' roll god isn't everything. Just ask Jakob Dylan. He's the son of legendary folk-rock laureate Bob Dylan, but Jakob still isn't sure whether that's been a help or a hindrance. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-24.  ROCK-MOTHER-ART-BOS (Newport R.I.) _ With the same hand that strums an E chord onstage, Kristin Hersh swabs ears, caresses chins, and spreads peanut butter for sandwiches because, in this house, Mom plays guitar for Throwing Muses. By Michael Sanders. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  MUSIC-POWERMAN-BOS (Undated) _ If you were to call the music made by any normal self-respecting rocker a cartoon, you might have to brace yourself for a slap upside the head. Not so Powerman 5000. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-20.  MUSIC-LIVE-BOS (Undated) _ Like their pro-athlete counterparts, many rock acts seem more focused on money than on anything else. Too many bands clone whatever is selling, whether it's alternative rock or the latest craze, techno music. But ever since the band Live started as teen-age friends in a garage in York, Pa., it has followed a more personal vision. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-RUTH-BOS (Undated) _ Ruth Slenczynska was the David Helfgott of her day, so it seemed appropriate to call her up and talk about ``Shine,'' the popular film biography of a former child-prodigy pianist who suffered a mental breakdown from which he has now partially recovered. By Richard Dyer. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-STERN-BOS (Undated) _ Howard Stern: Love him or loathe him, the shock jock of the FM airwaves _ poster boy for the proud politically incorrect _ sure has clout. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-26.  MACHAUT-MUSIC-NYT (Undated) _ It may be time to put in a word for the songs of Guillaume de Machaut, which seem to have slipped through whatever nets we are using at the moment to trawl the past. By Paul Griffiths. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  SPORTS  FELICIA-MOON-HNS (Missouri City, Texas) _ In the year that has passed since jurors in a widely publicized trial found her football star husband, Warren Moon, innocent of beating her, Felicia Moon has come to terms with the criminal justice system _ a system she contended was too involved in her family's problems. Today she has actively joined hands with that system. By Patti Muck. Moved 2-21.  BBO-SELIG-NYT (Undated) _ If it talks like a commissioner, walks like a commissioner, acts like a commissioner, smells like a commissioner and is paid like a commissioner, it figures to be a commissioner. But not according to Bud Selig, the man who has popularly been identified for nearly four and a half years as baseball's acting commissioner. By Murray Chass. Moved 2-22.  BBO-FORGOTTENMAN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Larry Doby remembers clearly his first day in the major leagues, that day 50 years ago when he broke the color barrier in the American League. It was 11 weeks after Jackie Robinson had played his first game for the Brooklyn Dodgers in the National League. Doby remembers the excitement of that day when he became only the second black player in the major leagues _ he had hardly slept in four nights leading up to it _ and he remembers the dismay. By Ira Berkow. W/Photo. Moved 2-22.  BBO-BERKOW-COLUMN-NYT (Undated) _ Dave Bresnahan, now a 35-year-old stockbroker with a wife and two small children, finds it curious that, after a decade, people should remember his unique contribution to baseball _ the day, as a catcher in the minor leagues, he substituted a peeled potato for a ball in a game. By Ira Berkow. Moved 2-24.  STEFFI-GRAF-HNS (San Francisco) _ Steffi Graf's magnificent legs carried her to a different realm this week. By Gwen Knapp. Moved 2-24.  ARMSTRONG-CYCLING-TEX (Austin) _ Premier American cyclist Lance Armstrong is fighting cancer. By Jill Dorson. Moved 2-25.  GENERAL  EGGS-COLLECT-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Ed Harrison is the owner of a skyscraper, the president of a successful oil company and the manager of a prime portfolio of Los Angeles real estate. But his friends just call him ``The Egg Man'' or, as he prefers to be known, the last of the great oologists. By Christopher Noxon. Moved 2-24.  LA-MAYOR-HAYDEN-PROFILE-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Tom Hayden is in his element. Striding down a bustling Hollywood Boulevard last Sunday afternoon toward a bouquet of media microphones stationed at Las Palmas Avenue, Hayden leaves a sea of turned heads in his wake _ some with puzzled, that-guy-looks-familiar facial expressions, others who clearly recognize the perpetual human lightning rod running against Richard Riordan for mayor of Los Angeles. By Dennis Love. Moved 2-22.  NICARAGUA-ALEMAN-NYT (Managua) _ As a candidate for president last year, Arnoldo Aleman promised a break with the way things have always been done here, starting with a bureaucracy he mocked as corrupt, sluggish and unresponsive. Barely a month after beginning his five-year term, his unconventional methods have given a whole new meaning to his campaign pledge that ``a change is coming.'' By Larry Rohter. Moved 2-21.  MODE-MAGAZINE-NYT (Undated) _ Here's a surprising state of affairs: the editor of a fashion magazine who can't find anything to wear. But such is the predicament of being on the far side of size 12, says Veronique Vienne, the editor of Mode, a glossy new monthly for plus-size women. By Stephen Henderson. Moved 2-21.  SCI-AMAZON-WOMEN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ The ancient Greeks could certainly tell a good yarn. Cultivating a kernel of fact, or less, they could bring forth a feast of a story to nourish imaginations down through the ages. One such tale was about a society of fierce warrior women _ the Amazons. By John Wilford. W/Map. Moved 2-24.  JEWISH-FASCIST-HNS (Albany, N.Y.) _ Kate Cohen had heard the stories about her Jewish relatives in Florence, Italy. She had visited them as a young girl and as a student at Dartmouth College. But nothing prepared her for the startling fact she discovered reading their World War II-era diaries five years ago: The Jewish family's patriarch, a Florentine-born Jew, was a member of Italy's Fascist Party. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-24.  MAGIC-PENNANDTELLER-TEX (Undated) _ For more than 20 years, Penn &AMP; Teller have been trying to convince us that magic is nothing but a load of hooey. They've flown in the face of the medium's every convention, antagonizing other illusionists and revealing the secrets behind classic tricks. By Todd Camp. Moved 2-24.  CHICAGO-GIRLX-BOS (Chicago) _ In a coma, Girl X, so named to protect her anonymity as a victim of sexual assault, has become a symbol of the extent to which Chicago has become inured to everyday depravities. Moved 2-26.  NY-FIRST-LADIES-HNS (Albany) _ Robert Bennett, who lived on the third floor of the mansion for two decades, directly above the governor's bedroom, offers a rare window onto the seldom-seen interior lives of New York state's First Ladies _ a secret history, if you will. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-25.  NY-STEPHANOPOULOS-NYT (Undated) _ Not every 36-year-old freshly arrived in Manhattan is immediately invited to dinner (and provided with a tuxedo) by Ralph Lauren, or to a lunch given by Vogue editor Anna Wintour for Katharine Graham, or to an opening of the Byzantium exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, or to an evening of pizza with a clutch of New York intellectuals pondering the future of American labor. But not everybody is George Stephanopoulos. By Elisabeth Bumiller. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  OPRAH'S-BOYFRIEND-PROFILE-ART-NYT (New York) _ They USED to call him `Oprah's Boyfriend,'' Stedman Graham says. By Michel Marriott. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  TURKEY-POET-REVIVE-ART-NYT (Istanbul, Turkey) _ As Turkey settles into what is likely to be an extended confrontation between secular and pro-Islamic forces, symbols take on exaggerated political importance for both sides. Perhaps no individual crystallizes the conflict better than Nazim Hikmet, atheist and Communist and also one of the greatest literary figures ever to emerge from this country. By Stephen Kinzer. W/map. Moved 2-26.  NY-AERIE-LOFT-ART-NYT (New York) _ You can shower naked out of doors in total privacy,'' promised the fashion illustrator Ruben Toledo. And he does. Neighboring skyscrapers and passing falcons notwithstanding, Toledo and his wife, the fashion designer Isabel Toledo, have created a reclusive world in the theatrical, high-ceilinged penthouse loft they share atop a 19th-century uilding on Broadway south of Herald Square. By Christopher Mason. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  The New York Times News Service. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970227.0190 type=story > <HEADLINE> BOOK REMINDS COMPANIES THAT SEXUAL HARASSMENT HURTS THE BOTTOM </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-BIZ-BOOKS-TEX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199702.gz"
"88241"	"she"	"complains"	" ``Although both fibers and chemicals are difficult, we are doing better than our competitors,'' Van Lede said. Akzo Nobel shares were down 5.6 , at 277.5 guilders, after rising to 287.0 guilders immediately after trading opened. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970227.0193 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-CELEBRITIES-ADVISORY-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> (ATTN: Managing editors, entertainment editors, weekend editors:)  The New York Times News Service calls your attention to the following celebrity profiles and features.  The articles, which moved within the last week, are from The New York Times (NYT), Boston Globe (BOS), Los Angeles Daily News (LADN), San Francisco Chronicle (SFCHRON), Seattle Post-Intelligencer (SPI), Fort Worth Star-Telegram (TEX) and Kansas City Star (KAN).  Photos, where indicated, have been sent to NYT photo clients. Nonsubscribers can make individual purchase by calling 212-556-4204.  For retransmissions of these stories, please call 212-556-1927.  MOVIES  MEDAVOY-FILMMAKER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Hollywood) _ Mike Medavoy is, in some ways, having the last laugh. By Bernard Weinraub. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  FILM-DIRECTORS-PEEVES-NYT (Undated) _ It was on the second day of directing his first feature film, the shoestring-budget ``Johns,'' that Scott Silver's mother arrived on the set. Silver had given her a bit part, along with the admonition not to disturb him while he was directing. But for Mrs. Silver, the sight of her son, the director, proved too much. By Jill Gerston. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  VANESSA-REDGRAVE-NYT (Undated) _ Vanessa Redgrave is 60 now. She is still beautiful and still possessed of a luminosity that is just short of radioactive. And she still troubles and baffles an audience that really wants only to worship her. By Ben Brantley. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  MOVIES-TOOLONG-KAN (Kansas City) _ Movies can make our pulses race, our palms sweat, our hair stand on end and our stomachs spasm in laughter. Increasingly, though, they're making our posteriors numb. Movies are getting longer. By Kenneth Butler. Moved 2-25.  LILLIAN-GISH-ART-NYT (Undated) _ By common consent the greatest actress of the silent era, Lillian Gish personified that remarkable epoch. Her integrity and dedication are among the proudest aspects of the period. By Kevin Brownlow. W/photo. Moved 2-26 for 3-2.  FILM-ALLEN-$ADV02-SFCHRON (Undated) _ For thrills, Tim Allen races souped-up Mustangs at Sears Point Raceway in Sonoma, Calif., and other tracks around the country. But he steers his acting career like a Volvo. By Sylvia Rubin.  THEATER  STAGE-CALIGARI-BOS (Boston) _ Everything is music to composer John Moran's ears. By Patti Hartigan. Moved 2-24.  BETTY-BUCKLEY-COX (Undated) _ Magazines from Entertainment Weekly to Variety have called Betty Buckley ``the finest voice in musical theater today.'' By Hap Epstein. Moved 2-24.  SHER-PROFILE-NYT (New York) _ Antony Sher is a triple-threat: an actor, author and artist. By Mel Gussow. Moved 2-21.  `CHICAGO'-SUSHI-ART-NYT (New York) _ At family picnics, Michael Berresse's mothes served snails. But of course _ the Berresses' ancestors came from France. Upholding the family's tradition for serving unusual foods in unusual settings, Berresse, an actor who is in the cast of the Broadway musical ``Chicago,'' often makes sushi backstage _ good sushi. By Marian Burros. W/Photo. Moved 2-25.  TELEVISION  TV-GAYS-REVIEW-NYT (Undated) _ Why are people all atwitter at the possibility that the lead character of the sitcom ``Ellen,'' played by Ellen DeGeneres, will come out of the closet on television? What's the big deal? There have been hordes of openly gay characters before her, especially in made-for-television movies, since ``That Certain Summer'' in 1971. Moved 2-22.  ARSENIO-SITCOM-TV-ART-NYT (Studio City) _ Arsenio Hall, the pioneering former late-night talk-show host with the high-wattage smile and snappy one-liners, is trying to revive his career after an unusual three-year absence that included a long vacation, time spent caring for his ailing mother and a failed attempt to become a movie actor and producer.By James Sterngold. W/photo. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  BOOKS  OTT-PROFILE-MEDIA-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Bill Ott is editor and publisher of the American Library Association's Booklist, a book review publication that serves as an acquisitions bible for public and school librarians throughout the United States. As such, he is a man with an outsized influence on the fortunes of undersized publishers. By Susan DeGrange. W/Photo. Moved 2-23.  LITERARY-BREAKFAST-NYT (New York) _ In more civilized days, Norma Feder could stroll into the chichi restaurant at Barneys just minutes before Harold Evans' monthly literary breakfast and snag a choice seat. Now, she complains, she must show up a good half-hour before its 8:30 a.m. start to beat the clamoring hordes and claim her favorite perch, a tall bar stool along one wall. By Frank Bruni. Moved 2-23.  BOOKS-DEXTER-BOS (Cambridge, Mass.) _Inspector Morse, as fans of the eponymous television show know, is the altered ego of Colin Dexter, also of Oxford. By M.R. Montgomery. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  LEAVITT-WRITER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Rome) _ The last time David Leavitt mixed fact and fiction, it exploded in his face. By Celestine Bohlen. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  GOLDMAN-BOOK-SPI (Seattle) _ For Fred Goldman, the nightmares continue and the fantasies still fester _ picking up a gun, forcing a confession, then blasting the life out of O.J. Simpson, the man Goldman will go to his grave believing butchered his 25-year-old son, Ron. By Ellis Conklin. Moved 2-26.  MUSIC  MUSIC-DYLAN-BOS (Undated) _ Being the son of a rock 'n' roll god isn't everything. Just ask Jakob Dylan. He's the son of legendary folk-rock laureate Bob Dylan, but Jakob still isn't sure whether that's been a help or a hindrance. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-24.  ROCK-MOTHER-ART-BOS (Newport R.I.) _ With the same hand that strums an E chord onstage, Kristin Hersh swabs ears, caresses chins, and spreads peanut butter for sandwiches because, in this house, Mom plays guitar for Throwing Muses. By Michael Sanders. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  MUSIC-POWERMAN-BOS (Undated) _ If you were to call the music made by any normal self-respecting rocker a cartoon, you might have to brace yourself for a slap upside the head. Not so Powerman 5000. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-20.  MUSIC-LIVE-BOS (Undated) _ Like their pro-athlete counterparts, many rock acts seem more focused on money than on anything else. Too many bands clone whatever is selling, whether it's alternative rock or the latest craze, techno music. But ever since the band Live started as teen-age friends in a garage in York, Pa., it has followed a more personal vision. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-RUTH-BOS (Undated) _ Ruth Slenczynska was the David Helfgott of her day, so it seemed appropriate to call her up and talk about ``Shine,'' the popular film biography of a former child-prodigy pianist who suffered a mental breakdown from which he has now partially recovered. By Richard Dyer. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-STERN-BOS (Undated) _ Howard Stern: Love him or loathe him, the shock jock of the FM airwaves _ poster boy for the proud politically incorrect _ sure has clout. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-26.  MACHAUT-MUSIC-NYT (Undated) _ It may be time to put in a word for the songs of Guillaume de Machaut, which seem to have slipped through whatever nets we are using at the moment to trawl the past. By Paul Griffiths. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  SPORTS  FELICIA-MOON-HNS (Missouri City, Texas) _ In the year that has passed since jurors in a widely publicized trial found her football star husband, Warren Moon, innocent of beating her, Felicia Moon has come to terms with the criminal justice system _ a system she contended was too involved in her family's problems. Today she has actively joined hands with that system. By Patti Muck. Moved 2-21.  BBO-SELIG-NYT (Undated) _ If it talks like a commissioner, walks like a commissioner, acts like a commissioner, smells like a commissioner and is paid like a commissioner, it figures to be a commissioner. But not according to Bud Selig, the man who has popularly been identified for nearly four and a half years as baseball's acting commissioner. By Murray Chass. Moved 2-22.  BBO-FORGOTTENMAN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Larry Doby remembers clearly his first day in the major leagues, that day 50 years ago when he broke the color barrier in the American League. It was 11 weeks after Jackie Robinson had played his first game for the Brooklyn Dodgers in the National League. Doby remembers the excitement of that day when he became only the second black player in the major leagues _ he had hardly slept in four nights leading up to it _ and he remembers the dismay. By Ira Berkow. W/Photo. Moved 2-22.  BBO-BERKOW-COLUMN-NYT (Undated) _ Dave Bresnahan, now a 35-year-old stockbroker with a wife and two small children, finds it curious that, after a decade, people should remember his unique contribution to baseball _ the day, as a catcher in the minor leagues, he substituted a peeled potato for a ball in a game. By Ira Berkow. Moved 2-24.  STEFFI-GRAF-HNS (San Francisco) _ Steffi Graf's magnificent legs carried her to a different realm this week. By Gwen Knapp. Moved 2-24.  ARMSTRONG-CYCLING-TEX (Austin) _ Premier American cyclist Lance Armstrong is fighting cancer. By Jill Dorson. Moved 2-25.  GENERAL  EGGS-COLLECT-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Ed Harrison is the owner of a skyscraper, the president of a successful oil company and the manager of a prime portfolio of Los Angeles real estate. But his friends just call him ``The Egg Man'' or, as he prefers to be known, the last of the great oologists. By Christopher Noxon. Moved 2-24.  LA-MAYOR-HAYDEN-PROFILE-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Tom Hayden is in his element. Striding down a bustling Hollywood Boulevard last Sunday afternoon toward a bouquet of media microphones stationed at Las Palmas Avenue, Hayden leaves a sea of turned heads in his wake _ some with puzzled, that-guy-looks-familiar facial expressions, others who clearly recognize the perpetual human lightning rod running against Richard Riordan for mayor of Los Angeles. By Dennis Love. Moved 2-22.  NICARAGUA-ALEMAN-NYT (Managua) _ As a candidate for president last year, Arnoldo Aleman promised a break with the way things have always been done here, starting with a bureaucracy he mocked as corrupt, sluggish and unresponsive. Barely a month after beginning his five-year term, his unconventional methods have given a whole new meaning to his campaign pledge that ``a change is coming.'' By Larry Rohter. Moved 2-21.  MODE-MAGAZINE-NYT (Undated) _ Here's a surprising state of affairs: the editor of a fashion magazine who can't find anything to wear. But such is the predicament of being on the far side of size 12, says Veronique Vienne, the editor of Mode, a glossy new monthly for plus-size women. By Stephen Henderson. Moved 2-21.  SCI-AMAZON-WOMEN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ The ancient Greeks could certainly tell a good yarn. Cultivating a kernel of fact, or less, they could bring forth a feast of a story to nourish imaginations down through the ages. One such tale was about a society of fierce warrior women _ the Amazons. By John Wilford. W/Map. Moved 2-24.  JEWISH-FASCIST-HNS (Albany, N.Y.) _ Kate Cohen had heard the stories about her Jewish relatives in Florence, Italy. She had visited them as a young girl and as a student at Dartmouth College. But nothing prepared her for the startling fact she discovered reading their World War II-era diaries five years ago: The Jewish family's patriarch, a Florentine-born Jew, was a member of Italy's Fascist Party. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-24.  MAGIC-PENNANDTELLER-TEX (Undated) _ For more than 20 years, Penn &AMP; Teller have been trying to convince us that magic is nothing but a load of hooey. They've flown in the face of the medium's every convention, antagonizing other illusionists and revealing the secrets behind classic tricks. By Todd Camp. Moved 2-24.  CHICAGO-GIRLX-BOS (Chicago) _ In a coma, Girl X, so named to protect her anonymity as a victim of sexual assault, has become a symbol of the extent to which Chicago has become inured to everyday depravities. Moved 2-26.  NY-FIRST-LADIES-HNS (Albany) _ Robert Bennett, who lived on the third floor of the mansion for two decades, directly above the governor's bedroom, offers a rare window onto the seldom-seen interior lives of New York state's First Ladies _ a secret history, if you will. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-25.  NY-STEPHANOPOULOS-NYT (Undated) _ Not every 36-year-old freshly arrived in Manhattan is immediately invited to dinner (and provided with a tuxedo) by Ralph Lauren, or to a lunch given by Vogue editor Anna Wintour for Katharine Graham, or to an opening of the Byzantium exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, or to an evening of pizza with a clutch of New York intellectuals pondering the future of American labor. But not everybody is George Stephanopoulos. By Elisabeth Bumiller. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  OPRAH'S-BOYFRIEND-PROFILE-ART-NYT (New York) _ They USED to call him `Oprah's Boyfriend,'' Stedman Graham says. By Michel Marriott. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  TURKEY-POET-REVIVE-ART-NYT (Istanbul, Turkey) _ As Turkey settles into what is likely to be an extended confrontation between secular and pro-Islamic forces, symbols take on exaggerated political importance for both sides. Perhaps no individual crystallizes the conflict better than Nazim Hikmet, atheist and Communist and also one of the greatest literary figures ever to emerge from this country. By Stephen Kinzer. W/map. Moved 2-26.  NY-AERIE-LOFT-ART-NYT (New York) _ You can shower naked out of doors in total privacy,'' promised the fashion illustrator Ruben Toledo. And he does. Neighboring skyscrapers and passing falcons notwithstanding, Toledo and his wife, the fashion designer Isabel Toledo, have created a reclusive world in the theatrical, high-ceilinged penthouse loft they share atop a 19th-century uilding on Broadway south of Herald Square. By Christopher Mason. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  The New York Times News Service. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970227.0194 type=story > <HEADLINE> MEXICAN INVESTORS SHRUG OFF U.S. DEBATE OVER ANTI-DRUG EFFORTS </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> Mexico City, Feb. 27 (Bloomberg) (BC-MEXICO-US-BLOOM) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199702.gz"
"88242"	"she"	"complains"	" And Sen. Paul Coverdell, the Georgia Republican who's chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations panel overseeing Latin American policy, said he opposes certification for Mexico and will ``examine closely'' the process. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970227.0195 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-CELEBRITIES-ADVISORY-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> (ATTN: Managing editors, entertainment editors, weekend editors:)  The New York Times News Service calls your attention to the following celebrity profiles and features.  The articles, which moved within the last week, are from The New York Times (NYT), Boston Globe (BOS), Los Angeles Daily News (LADN), San Francisco Chronicle (SFCHRON), Seattle Post-Intelligencer (SPI), Fort Worth Star-Telegram (TEX) and Kansas City Star (KAN).  Photos, where indicated, have been sent to NYT photo clients. Nonsubscribers can make individual purchase by calling 212-556-4204.  For retransmissions of these stories, please call 212-556-1927.  MOVIES  MEDAVOY-FILMMAKER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Hollywood) _ Mike Medavoy is, in some ways, having the last laugh. By Bernard Weinraub. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  FILM-DIRECTORS-PEEVES-NYT (Undated) _ It was on the second day of directing his first feature film, the shoestring-budget ``Johns,'' that Scott Silver's mother arrived on the set. Silver had given her a bit part, along with the admonition not to disturb him while he was directing. But for Mrs. Silver, the sight of her son, the director, proved too much. By Jill Gerston. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  VANESSA-REDGRAVE-NYT (Undated) _ Vanessa Redgrave is 60 now. She is still beautiful and still possessed of a luminosity that is just short of radioactive. And she still troubles and baffles an audience that really wants only to worship her. By Ben Brantley. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  MOVIES-TOOLONG-KAN (Kansas City) _ Movies can make our pulses race, our palms sweat, our hair stand on end and our stomachs spasm in laughter. Increasingly, though, they're making our posteriors numb. Movies are getting longer. By Kenneth Butler. Moved 2-25.  LILLIAN-GISH-ART-NYT (Undated) _ By common consent the greatest actress of the silent era, Lillian Gish personified that remarkable epoch. Her integrity and dedication are among the proudest aspects of the period. By Kevin Brownlow. W/photo. Moved 2-26 for 3-2.  FILM-ALLEN-$ADV02-SFCHRON (Undated) _ For thrills, Tim Allen races souped-up Mustangs at Sears Point Raceway in Sonoma, Calif., and other tracks around the country. But he steers his acting career like a Volvo. By Sylvia Rubin.  THEATER  STAGE-CALIGARI-BOS (Boston) _ Everything is music to composer John Moran's ears. By Patti Hartigan. Moved 2-24.  BETTY-BUCKLEY-COX (Undated) _ Magazines from Entertainment Weekly to Variety have called Betty Buckley ``the finest voice in musical theater today.'' By Hap Epstein. Moved 2-24.  SHER-PROFILE-NYT (New York) _ Antony Sher is a triple-threat: an actor, author and artist. By Mel Gussow. Moved 2-21.  `CHICAGO'-SUSHI-ART-NYT (New York) _ At family picnics, Michael Berresse's mother always served snails. But of course _ the Berresses' ancestors came from France. Upholding the family's tradition for serving unusual foods in unusual settings, Berresse, an actor who is in the cast of the Broadway musical ``Chicago,'' often makes sushi backstage _ good sushi. By Marian Burros. W/Photo. Moved 2-25.  TELEVISION  TV-GAYS-REVIEW-NYT (Undated) _ Why are people all atwitter at the possibility that the lead character of the sitcom ``Ellen,'' played by Ellen DeGeneres, will come out of the closet on television? What's the big deal? There have been hordes of openly gay characters before her, especially in made-for-television movies, since ``That Certain Summer'' in 1971. Moved 2-22.  ARSENIO-SITCOM-TV-ART-NYT (Studio City) _ Arsenio Hall, the pioneering former late-night talk-show host with the high-wattage smile and snappy one-liners, is trying to revive his career after an unusual three-year absence that included a long vacation, time spent caring for his ailing mother and a failed attempt to become a movie actor and producer.By James Sterngold. W/photo. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  BOOKS  OTT-PROFILE-MEDIA-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Bill Ott is editor and publisher of the American Library Association's Booklist, a book review publication that serves as an acquisitions bible for public and school librarians throughout the United States. As such, he is a man with an outsized influence on the fortunes of undersized publishers. By Susan DeGrange. W/Photo. Moved 2-23.  LITERARY-BREAKFAST-NYT (New York) _ In more civilized days, Norma Feder could stroll into the chichi restaurant at Barneys just minutes before Harold Evans' monthly literary breakfast and snag a choice seat. Now, she complains, she must show up a good half-hour before its 8:30 a.m. start to beat the clamoring hordes and claim her favorite perch, a tall bar stool along one wall. By Frank Bruni. Moved 2-23.  BOOKS-DEXTER-BOS (Cambridge, Mass.) _Inspector Morse, as fans of the eponymous television show know, is the altered ego of Colin Dexter, also of Oxford. By M.R. Montgomery. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  LEAVITT-WRITER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Rome) _ The last time David Leavitt mixed fact and fiction, it exploded in his face. By Celestine Bohlen. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  GOLDMAN-BOOK-SPI (Seattle) _ For Fred Goldman, the nightmares continue and the fantasies still fester _ picking up a gun, forcing a confession, then blasting the life out of O.J. Simpson, the man Goldman will go to his grave believing butchered his 25-year-old son, Ron. By Ellis Conklin. Moved 2-26.  MUSIC  MUSIC-DYLAN-BOS (Undated) _ Being the son of a rock 'n' roll god isn't everything. Just ask Jakob Dylan. He's the son of legendary folk-rock laureate Bob Dylan, but Jakob still isn't sure whether that's been a help or a hindrance. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-24.  ROCK-MOTHER-ART-BOS (Newport R.I.) _ With the same hand that strums an E chord onstage, Kristin Hersh swabs ears, caresses chins, and spreads peanut butter for sandwiches because, in this house, Mom plays guitar for Throwing Muses. By Michael Sanders. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  MUSIC-POWERMAN-BOS (Undated) _ If you were to call the music made by any normal self-respecting rocker a cartoon, you might have to brace yourself for a slap upside the head. Not so Powerman 5000. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-20.  MUSIC-LIVE-BOS (Undated) _ Like their pro-athlete counterparts, many rock acts seem more focused on money than on anything else. Too many bands clone whatever is selling, whether it's alternative rock or the latest craze, techno music. But ever since the band Live started as teen-age friends in a garage in York, Pa., it has followed a more personal vision. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-RUTH-BOS (Undated) _ Ruth Slenczynska was the David Helfgott of her day, so it seemed appropriate to call her up and talk about ``Shine,'' the popular film biography of a former child-prodigy pianist who suffered a mental breakdown from which he has now partially recovered. By Richard Dyer. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-STERN-BOS (Undated) _ Howard Stern: Love him or loathe him, the shock jock of the FM airwaves _ poster boy for the proud politically incorrect _ sure has clout. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-26.  MACHAUT-MUSIC-NYT (Undated) _ It may be time to put in a word for the songs of Guillaume de Machaut, which seem to have slipped through whatever nets we are using at the moment to trawl the past. By Paul Griffiths. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  SPORTS  FELICIA-MOON-HNS (Missouri City, Texas) _ In the year that has passed since jurors in a widely publicized trial found her football star husband, Warren Moon, innocent of beating her, Felicia Moon has come to terms with the criminal justice system _ a system she contended was too involved in her family's problems. Today she has actively joined hands with that system. By Patti Muck. Moved 2-21.  BBO-SELIG-NYT (Undated) _ If it talks like a commissioner, walks like a commissioner, acts like a commissioner, smells like a commissioner and is paid like a commissioner, it figures to be a commissioner. But not according to Bud Selig, the man who has popularly been identified for nearly four and a half years as baseball's acting commissioner. By Murray Chass. Moved 2-22.  BBO-FORGOTTENMAN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Larry Doby remembers clearly his first day in the major leagues, that day 50 years ago when he broke the color barrier in the American League. It was 11 weeks after Jackie Robinson had played his first game for the Brooklyn Dodgers in the National League. Doby remembers the excitement of that day when he became only the second black player in the major leagues _ he had hardly slept in four nights leading up to it _ and he remembers the dismay. By Ira Berkow. W/Photo. Moved 2-22.  BBO-BERKOW-COLUMN-NYT (Undated) _ Dave Bresnahan, now a 35-year-old stockbroker with a wife and two small children, finds it curious that, after a decade, people should remember his unique contribution to baseball _ the day, as a catcher in the minor leagues, he substituted a peeled potato for a ball in a game. By Ira Berkow. Moved 2-24.  STEFFI-GRAF-HNS (San Francisco) _ Steffi Graf's magnificent legs carried her to a different realm this week. By Gwen Knapp. Moved 2-24.  ARMSTRONG-CYCLING-TEX (Austin) _ Premier American cyclist Lance Armstrong is fighting cancer. By Jill Dorson. Moved 2-25.  GENERAL  EGGS-COLLECT-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Ed Harrison is the owner of a skyscraper, the president of a successful oil company and the manager of a prime portfolio of Los Angeles real estate. But his friends just call him ``The Egg Man'' or, as he prefers to be known, the last of the great oologists. By Christopher Noxon. Moved 2-24.  LA-MAYOR-HAYDEN-PROFILE-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Tom Hayden is in his element. Striding down a bustling Hollywood Boulevard last Sunday afternoon toward a bouquet of media microphones stationed at Las Palmas Avenue, Hayden leaves a sea of turned heads in his wake _ some with puzzled, that-guy-looks-familiar facial expressions, others who clearly recognize the perpetual human lightning rod running against RRiordan for mayor of Los Angeles. By Dennis Love. Moved 2-22.  NICARAGUA-ALEMAN-NYT (Managua) _ As a candidate for president last year, Arnoldo Aleman promised a break with the way things have always been done here, starting with a bureaucracy he mocked as corrupt, sluggish and unresponsive. Barely a month after beginning his five-year term, his unconventional methods have given a whole new meaning to his campaign pledge that ``a change is coming.'' By Larry Rohter. Moved 2-21.  MODE-MAGAZINE-NYT (Undated) _ Here's a surprising state of affairs: the editor of a fashion magazine who can't find anything to wear. But such is the predicament of being on the far side of size 12, says Veronique Vienne, the editor of Mode, a glossy new monthly for plus-size women. By Stephen Henderson. Moved 2-21.  SCI-AMAZON-WOMEN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ The ancient Greeks could certainly tell a good yarn. Cultivating a kernel of fact, or less, they could bring forth a feast of a story to nourish imaginations down through the ages. One such tale was about a society of fierce warrior women _ the Amazons. By John Wilford. W/Map. Moved 2-24.  JEWISH-FASCIST-HNS (Albany, N.Y.) _ Kate Cohen had heard the stories about her Jewish relatives in Florence, Italy. She had visited them as a young girl and as a student at Dartmouth College. But nothing prepared her for the startling fact she discovered reading their World War II-era diaries five years ago: The Jewish family's patriarch, a Florentine-born Jew, was a member of Italy's Fascist Party. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-24.  MAGIC-PENNANDTELLER-TEX (Undated) _ For more than 20 years, Penn &AMP; Teller have been trying to convince us that magic is nothing but a load of hooey. They've flown in the face of the medium's every convention, antagonizing other illusionists and revealing the secrets behind classic tricks. By Todd Camp. Moved 2-24.  CHICAGO-GIRLX-BOS (Chicago) _ In a coma, Girl X, so named to protect her anonymity as a victim of sexual assault, has become a symbol of the extent to which Chicago has become inured to everyday depravities. Moved 2-26.  NY-FIRST-LADIES-HNS (Albany) _ Robert Bennett, who lived on the third floor of the mansion for two decades, directly above the governor's bedroom, offers a rare window onto the seldom-seen interior lives of New York state's First Ladies _ a secret history, if you will. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-25.  NY-STEPHANOPOULOS-NYT (Undated) _ Not every 36-year-old freshly arrived in Manhattan is immediately invited to dinner (and provided with a tuxedo) by Ralph Lauren, or to a lunch given by Vogue editor Anna Wintour for Katharine Graham, or to an opening of the Byzantium exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, or to an evening of pizza with a clutch of New York intellectuals pondering the future of American labor. But not everybody is George Stephanopoulos. By Elisabeth Bumiller. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  OPRAH'S-BOYFRIEND-PROFILE-ART-NYT (New York) _ They USED to call him `Oprah's Boyfriend,'' Stedman Graham says. By Michel Marriott. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  TURKEY-POET-REVIVE-ART-NYT (Istanbul, Turkey) _ As Turkey settles into what is likely to be an extended confrontation between secular and pro-Islamic forces, symbols take on exaggerated political importance for both sides. Perhaps no individual crystallizes the conflict better than Nazim Hikmet, atheist and Communist and also one of the greatest literary figures ever to emerge from this country. By Stephen Kinzer. W/map. Moved 2-26.  NY-AERIE-LOFT-ART-NYT (New York) _ You can shower naked out of doors in total privacy,'' promised the fashion illustrator Ruben Toledo. And he does. Neighboring skyscrapers and passing falcons notwithstanding, Toledo and his wife, the fashion designer Isabel Toledo, have created a reclusive world in the theatrical, high-ceilinged penthouse loft they share atop a 19th-century uilding on Broadway south of Herald Square. By Christopher Mason. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  The New York Times News Service. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970227.0197 type=story > <HEADLINE> L'OREAL '96 EARNINGS UP 10.3%, HELPED BY NEW UNITS (UPDATE5) </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> Paris, Feb. 27 (Bloomberg) (BC-EARNS-LOREAL-UPDATE5-BLOOM) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199702.gz"
"88330"	"she"	"complains"	" Japan's Nikkei 225 Index fell 2.44 percent, and Hong Kong's Hang Seng Index lost 1.09 percent. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970228.0130 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-EUROPEAN-BUDGET-ADD1-BLOOM) </DATELINE> <TEXT> EUROPE NEW YORK TIMES NEWS SERVICE BUDGET ADD1 (For use by New York Times News Service clients) c.1997 Bloomberg News  London, Feb. 28 (Bloomberg) -- Here are the latest stories from Bloomberg News at this hour.  RENAULT-BELGIUM (Brussels) -- The European Commission said it will probe whether Renault violated worker-protection rules by shutting its Belgian plant and sacking 3,100 workers.  ANGLO-AMERICAN-EU (Brussels) -- The European Commission said its opposition is stiffening to Anglo American Corp. of South Africa Ltd.'s plan to acquire a controlling stake in Lonrho.  ALCATEL-SATELLITES (Paris) -- Alcatel Alsthom said it filed for U.S. approval for a $3.5 billion satellite network that would compete against Microsoft Corp.-backed Teledesic Corp.  For questions, comments, story requests and repeats, call Sheldon Reback in the London newsroom on (44-171) 330 7768. -0- (BN ) Feb/28/97 10:24 EOS (BN ) Feb/28/97 10:24 86 </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970228.0131 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-R-CELEBRITIES-ADVISORY-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> (Repeating for all needing) (ATTN: Managing editors, entertainment editors, weekend editors:)  The New York Times News Service calls your attention to the following celebrity profiles and features.  The articles, which moved within the last week, are from The New York Times (NYT), Boston Globe (BOS), Los Angeles Daily News (LADN), San Francisco Chronicle (SFCHRON), Seattle Post-Intelligencer (SPI), Fort Worth Star-Telegram (TEX) and Kansas City Star (KAN).  Photos, where indicated, have been sent to NYT photo clients. Nonsubscribers can make individual purchase by calling 212-556-4204.  For retransmissions of these stories, please call 212-556-1927.  MOVIES  MEDAVOY-FILMMAKER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Hollywood) _ Mike Medavoy is, in some ways, having the last laugh. By Bernard Weinraub. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  FILM-DIRECTORS-PEEVES-NYT (Undated) _ It was on the second day of directing his first feature film, the shoestring-budget ``Johns,'' that Scott Silver's mother arrived on the set. Silver had given her a bit part, along with the admonition not to disturb him while he was directing. But for Mrs. Silver, the sight of her son, the director, proved too much. By Jill Gerston. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  VANESSA-REDGRAVE-NYT (Undated) _ Vanessa Redgrave is 60 now. She is still beautiful and still possessed of a luminosity that is just short of radioactive. And she still troubles and baffles an audience that really wants only to worship her. By Ben Brantley. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  MOVIES-TOOLONG-KAN (Kansas City) _ Movies can make our pulses race, our palms sweat, our hair stand on end and our stomachs spasm in laughter. Increasingly, though, they're making our posteriors numb. Movies are getting longer. By Kenneth Butler. Moved 2-25.  LILLIAN-GISH-ART-NYT (Undated) _ By common consent the greatest actress of the silent era, Lillian Gish personified that remarkable epoch. Her integrity and dedication are among the proudest aspects of the period. By Kevin Brownlow. W/photo. Moved 2-26 for 3-2.  FILM-ALLEN-$ADV02-SFCHRON (Undated) _ For thrills, Tim Allen races souped-up Mustangs at Sears Point Raceway in Sonoma, Calif., and other tracks around the country. But he steers his acting career like a Volvo. By Sylvia Rubin.  THEATER  STAGE-CALIGARI-BOS (Boston) _ Everything is music to composer John Moran's ears. By Patti Hartigan. Moved 2-24.  BETTY-BUCKLEY-COX (Undated) _ Magazines from Entertainment Weekly to Variety have called Betty Buckley ``the finest voice in musical theater today.'' By Hap Epstein. Moved 2-24.  SHER-PROFILE-NYT (New York) _ Antony Sher is a triple-threat: an actor, author and artist. By Mel Gussow. Moved 2-21.  `CHICAGO'-SUSHI-ART-NYT (New York) _ At family picnics, Michael Berresse's mother always served snails. But of course _ the Berresses' ancestors came from France. Upholding the family's tradition for serving unusual foods in unusual settings, Berresse, an actor who is in the cast of the Broadway musical ``Chicago,'' often makes sushi backstage _ good sushi. By Marian Burros. W/Photo. Moved 2-25.  TELEVISION  TV-GAYS-REVIEW-NYT (Undated) _ Why are people all atwitter at the possibility that the lead character of the sitcom ``Ellen,'' played by Ellen DeGeneres, will come out of the closet on television? What's the big deal? There have been hordes of openly gay characters before her, especially in made-for-television movies, since ``That Certain Summer'' in 1971. Moved 2-22.  ARSENIO-SITCOM-TV-ART-NYT (Studio City) _ Arsenio Hall, the pioneering former late-night talk-show host with the high-wattage smile and snappy one-liners, is trying to revive his career after an unusual three-year absence that included a long vacation, time spent caring for his ailing mother and a failed attempt to become a movie actor and producer.By James Sterngold. W/photo. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  BOOKS  OTT-PROFILE-MEDIA-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Bill Ott is editor and publisher of the American Library Association's Booklist, a book review publication that serves as an acquisitions bible for public and school librarians throughout the United States. As such, he is a man with an outsized influence on the fortunes of undersized publishers. By Susan DeGrange. W/Photo. Moved 2-23.  LITERARY-BREAKFAST-NYT (New York) _ In more civilized days, Norma Feder could stroll into the chichi restaurant at Barneys just minutes before Harold Evans' monthly literary breakfast and snag a choice seat. Now, she complains, she must show up a good half-hour before its 8:30 a.m. start to beat the clamoring hordes and claim her favorite perch, a tall bar stool along one wall. By Frank Bruni. Moved 2-23.  BOOKS-DEXTER-BOS (Cambridge, Mass.) _Inspector Morse, as fans of the eponymous television show know, is the altered ego of Colin Dexter, also of Oxford. By M.R. Montgomery. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  LEAVITT-WRITER-PROFILE-ART-NYT (Rome) _ The last time David Leavitt mixed fact and fiction, it exploded in his face. By Celestine Bohlen. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  GOLDMAN-BOOK-SPI (Seattle) _ For Fred Goldman, the nightmares continue and the fantasies still fester _ picking up a gun, forcing a confession, then blasting the life out of O.J. Simpson, the man Goldman will go to his grave believing butchered his 25-year-old son, Ron. By Ellis Conklin. Moved 2-26.  MUSIC  MUSIC-DYLAN-BOS (Undated) _ Being the son of a rock 'n' roll god isn't everything. Just ask Jakob Dylan. He's the son of legendary folk-rock laureate Bob Dylan, but Jakob still isn't sure whether that's been a help or a hindrance. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-24.  ROCK-MOTHER-ART-BOS (Newport R.I.) _ With the same hand that strums an E chord onstage, Kristin Hersh swabs ears, caresses chins, and spreads peanut butter for sandwiches because, in this house, Mom plays guitar for Throwing Muses. By Michael Sanders. W/photo. Moved 2-24.  MUSIC-POWERMAN-BOS (Undated) _ If you were to call the music made by any normal self-respecting rocker a cartoon, you might have to brace yourself for a slap upside the head. Not so Powerman 5000. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-20.  MUSIC-LIVE-BOS (Undated) _ Like their pro-athlete counterparts, many rock acts seem more focused on money than on anything else. Too many bands clone whatever is selling, whether it's alternative rock or the latest craze, techno music. But ever since the band Live started as teen-age friends in a garage in York, Pa., it has followed a more personal vision. By Steve Morse. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-RUTH-BOS (Undated) _ Ruth Slenczynska was the David Helfgott of her day, so it seemed appropriate to call her up and talk about ``Shine,'' the popular film biography of a former child-prodigy pianist who suffered a mental breakdown from which he has now partially recovered. By Richard Dyer. Moved 2-19.  MUSIC-STERN-BOS (Undated) _ Howard Stern: Love him or loathe him, the shock jock of the FM airwaves _ poster boy for the proud politically incorrect _ sure has clout. By Jim Sullivan. Moved 2-26.  MACHAUT-MUSIC-NYT (Undated) _ It may be time to put in a word for the songs of Guillaume de Machaut, which seem to have slipped through whatever nets we are using at the moment to trawl the past. By Paul Griffiths. Moved 2-25 for 3-2.  SPORTS  FELICIA-MOON-HNS (Missouri City, Texas) _ In the year that has passed since jurors in a widely publicized trial found her football star husband, Warren Moon, innocent of beating her, Felicia Moon has come to terms with the criminal justice system _ a system she contended was too involved in her family's problems. Today she has actively joined hands with that system. By Patti Muck. Moved 2-21.  BBO-SELIG-NYT (Undated) _ If it talks like a commissioner, walks like a commissioner, acts like a commissioner, smells like a commissioner and is paid like a commissioner, it figures to be a commissioner. But not according to Bud Selig, the man who has popularly been identified for nearly four and a half years as baseball's acting commissioner. By Murray Chass. Moved 2-22.  BBO-FORGOTTENMAN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ Larry Doby remembers clearly his first day in the major leagues, that day 50 years ago when he broke the color barrier in the American League. It was 11 weeks after Jackie Robinson had played his first game for the Brooklyn Dodgers in the National League. Doby remembers the excitement of that day when he became only the second black player in the major leagues _ he had hardly slept in four nights leading up to it _ and he remembers the dismay. By Ira Berkow. W/Photo. Moved 2-22.  BBO-BERKOW-COLUMN-NYT (Undated) _ Dave Bresnahan, now a 35-year-old stockbroker with a wife and two small children, finds it curious that, after a decade, people should remember his unique contribution to baseball _ the day, as a catcher in the minor leagues, he substituted a peeled potato for a ball in a game. By Ira Berkow. Moved 2-24.  STEFFI-GRAF-HNS (San Francisco) _ Steffi Graf's magnificent legs carried her to a different realm this week. By Gwen Knapp. Moved 2-24.  ARMSTRONG-CYCLING-TEX (Austin) _ Premier American cyclist Lance Armstrong is fighting cancer. By Jill Dorson. Moved 2-25.  GENERAL  EGGS-COLLECT-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Ed Harrison is the owner of a skyscraper, the president of a successful oil company and the manager of a prime portfolio of Los Angeles real estate. But his friends just call him ``The Egg Man'' or, as he prefers to be known, the last of the great oologists. By Christopher Noxon. Moved 2-24.  LA-MAYOR-HAYDEN-PROFILE-LADN (Los Angeles) _ Tom Hayden is in his element. Striding down a bustling Hollywood Boulevard last Sunday afternoon toward a bouquet of media microphones stationed at Las Palmas Avenue, Hayden leaves a sea of turned heads in his wake _ some with puzzled, that-guy-looks-familiar facial expressions, others who clearly recognize the perpetual human lightning rod running against Richard Riordan for mayor of Los Angeles. By Dennis Love. Moved 2-22.  NICARAGUA-ALEMAN-NYT (Managua) _ As a candidate for president last year, Arnoldo Aleman promised a break with the way things have always been done here, starting with a bureaucracy he mocked as corrupt, sluggish and unresponsive. Barely a month after beginning his five-year term, his unconventional methods have given a whole new meaning to his campaign pledge that ``a change is coming.'' By Larry Rohter. Moved 2-21.  MODE-MAGAZINE-NYT (Undated) _ Here's a surprising state of affairs: the editor of a fashion magazine who can't find anything to wear. But such is the predicament of being on the far side of size 12, says Veronique Vienne, the editor of Mode, a glossy new monthly for plus-size women. By Stephen Henderson. Moved 2-21.  SCI-AMAZON-WOMEN-ART-NYT (Undated) _ The ancient Greeks could certainly tell a good yarn. Cultivating a kernel of fact, or less, they could bring forth a feast of a story to nourish imaginations down through the ages. One such tale was about a society of fierce warrior women _ the Amazons. By John Wilford. W/Map. Moved 2-24.  JEWISH-FASCIST-HNS (Albany, N.Y.) _ Kate Cohen had heard the stories about her Jewish relatives in Florence, Italy. She had visited them as a young girl and as a student at Dartmouth College. But nothing prepared her for the startling fact she discovered reading their World War II-era diaries five years ago: The Jewish family's patriarch, a Florentine-born Jew, was a member of Italy's Fascist Party. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-24.  MAGIC-PENNANDTELLER-TEX (Undated) _ For more than 20 years, Penn &AMP; Teller have been trying to convince us that magic is nothing but a load of hooey. They've flown in the face of the medium's every convention, antagonizing other illusionists and revealing the secrets behind classic tricks. By Todd Camp. Moved 2-24.  CHICAGO-GIRLX-BOS (Chicago) _ In a coma, Girl X, so named to protect her anonymity as a victim of sexual assault, has become a symbol of the extent to which Chicago has become inured to everyday depravities. Moved 2-26.  NY-FIRST-LADIES-HNS (Albany) _ Robert Bennett, who lived on the third floor of the mansion for two decades, directly above the governor's bedroom, offers a rare window onto the seldom-seen interior lives of New York state's First Ladies _ a secret history, if you will. By Paul Grondahl. Moved 2-25.  NY-STEPHANOPOULOS-NYT (Undated) _ Not every 36-year-old freshly arrived in Manhattan is immediately invited to dinner (and provided with a tuxedo) by Ralph Lauren, or to a lunch given by Vogue editor Anna Wintour for Katharine Graham, or to an opening of the Byzantium exhibition at the Metropolitan Museum of Art, or to an evening of pizza with a clutch of New York intellectuals pondering the future of American labor. But not everybody is George Stephanopoulos. By Elisabeth Bumiller. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  OPRAH'S-BOYFRIEND-PROFILE-ART-NYT (New York) _ They USED to call him `Oprah's Boyfrienl.+!Stedman Graham says. By Michel Marriott. W/photo. Moved 2-25.  TURKEY-POET-REVIVE-ART-NYT (Istanbul, Turkey) _ As Turkey settles into what is likely to be an extended confrontation between secular and pro-Islamic forces, symbols take on exaggerated political importance for both sides. Perhaps no individual crystallizes the conflict better than Nazim Hikmet, atheist and Communist and also one of the greatest literary figures ever to emerge from this country. By Stephen Kinzer. W/map. Moved 2-26.  NY-AERIE-LOFT-ART-NYT (New York) _ You can shower naked out of doors in total privacy,'' promised the fashion illustrator Ruben Toledo. And he does. Neighboring skyscrapers and passing falcons notwithstanding, Toledo and his wife, the fashion designer Isabel Toledo, have created a reclusive world in the theatrical, high-ceilinged penthouse loft they share atop a 19th-century uilding on Broadway south of Herald Square. By Christopher Mason. W/photo. Moved 2-26.  The New York Times News Service. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970228.0132 type=story > <HEADLINE> U.S. JAN. HOME RESALES RISE 2.1% TO A 3.940 MLN RATE (UPDATE1) </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> Washington, Feb. 28 (Bloomberg) (BC-ECONOMY-HOMES-BLOOM) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199702.gz"
"107677"	"she"	"complains"	" Now all are glued neatly into a gold frame and on display in her dining room. Recently the spoon collector has slacked off. And not because restaurants are making it more difficult. Most, she complains, no longer emblazon their logos on their spoons. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200202.gz"
"112038"	"she"	"complains"	" ``I consider myself a cancer activist, a heart-disease activist,'' Silverstone says, because those maladies ``would not be around'' if everyone was a vegan. Doctors, she complains, are quicker to remove a patient's colon than to ``ask you what you're putting in your colon.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_200204.gz"
"120062"	"he"	"complains"	" He said his 8-year-old daughter, whom he followed when her mother moved to Sacramento from Florida two years ago, is the light of his life, but the courts will not let him prove it. The stay-at-home parent, he complains, gets the benefit of the doubt in court. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200206.gz"
"122652"	"she"	"complains"	" But Garotinho, anticipating an early departure, had already spent nearly the entire budget for the year, she complains, making it almost impossible for her to strengthen the social programs that are her trademark. There has also been a surge in violent crime and attacks on police officers, as the drug lords who now control the favelas openly challenge her authority. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200208.gz"
"127355"	"she"	"complains"	" The real jewel here is ``The Ingenue,'' a number penned specifically for Cook by musical director Wally Harper and lyricist David Zippel, lamenting the lot of the theater world's ``good girl.'' No teasing her friends or her hair, she complains, tongue in cheek. No swearing, no boys and no revealing clothes. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200210.gz"
"167352"	"he"	"complains"	" Dennis, his shirttails hanging out, his name tag missing, does not see his job at Wal-Mart as a career. In fact, he does not seem to even like his job. The store, he complains, is oppressively hot at night (a line that drew knowing laughs from the crowd of employees) and he finds stocking shelves dull. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200606.gz"
"168360"	"she"	"complains"	" Get to Work, is Hirshman's command -- particularly to highly educated women -- as well as the title of her new book. The revolution of Betty Friedan got hijacked, she complains, by the namby-pamby idea that staying home and building a career are of equal value. They are not, Hirshman believes, and further: Only when women go full-bore into careers will they be on par with men in workplaces, something women owe to their daughters and granddaughters. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200606.gz"
