"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"64530"	"I"	"definitely"	" ``A year from now, I definitely, definitely expect to see a better prospectus that is easier to read and understand,'' she said in an interview. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199607.gz"
"64551"	"I"	"definitely"	" ``Fidelity has always been a risk taker, and their half trillion dollars in assets says they've been smart about taking risk,'' said John Shields, consultant at Cirulli Associates in Boston. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19960712.0426 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-U.S.-PAGE-ONE-BLOOM) </DATELINE> <TEXT> BLOOMBERG BUSINESS NEWS U.S. PAGE ONE: JULY 12, 1996 (For use by New York Times News Service clients) c.1996 Bloomberg Business News The following are the day's top stories from Bloomberg Business News: LEAD STORIES Friday's U.S. Markets: Bonds and Dollar Gain, Stocks Mixed By Robert Burgess and Ken Kohn  New York: U.S. Treasury bonds gained for a fifth day as reports on last month's retail business allayed concern the Federal Reserve will need to raise interest rates to keep inflation at bay. The benchmark 30-year Treasury bond gained about 10/32, or $3.13 per $1,000 bond. Its yield, a gauge of expectations for inflation, fell 3 basis points from yesterday to 7.03 percent. U.S. stocks were mixed a day after posting steep declines amid concern that disappointing second-quarter corporate profits will sap investor enthusiasm for equities. The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 9.98 at 5510.56 after falling as much as 48.76 earlier in the day. The 30-stock average, which plunged 83.11 points yesterday, is now down more than 5 percent since reaching a record 5778 on May 22. The Standard &AMP; Poor's 500 Index rose 0.52 to 646.19. The Nasdaq Composite Index fell 2.86 to 1103.49. The dollar rose against the yen and German mark as U.S. securities steadied, easing concern international investors would cut their stakes in U.S. markets. Published 16:28 (See story: NI STK) Chrysler Corp. 2nd-Qtr Profit Quadruples to $2.79-Share By Noelle Knox and Brian Lysaght  Auburn Hills, Michigan: Chrysler Corp.'s profit soared in the second quarter on strong sales, but not enough to ease investor fears. Shares dropped as much as 1 7/8 to 54 5/8, their lowest since late February, on concern the automaker faces a difficult second half. Chrysler reported profit from operations of $1.05 billion, or $2.79 a share, almost four times the $278 million, or 70 cents a share, earned in the same period last year. ``They were solid earnings, but weren't way above expectations,'' said Nick Lobaccaro, an analyst with Bear Stearns &AMP; Co. Gary Valade, Chrysler's chief financial officer, said investors were ``overreacting'' to the fact earnings were only 4 cents a share better than expectations. Chrysler said its market share in the U.S. and Canada rose to 16.7 percent in the quarter, ``its highest level in recent history,'' from 15.2 percent a year earlier. Published 15:35 (See story: NI AUT) Wall Street Firms Near Pact With Justice Dept. on Nasdaq Probe By Bob Drummond and David Ward  Washington: Major Wall Street brokerages are close to an out-of-court settlement with the Justice Department that would end a two-year probe of alleged price-fixing on the Nasdaq Stock Market. Whi4K%1MI %9]I-UQ%99Q%Q%9Mwith government prosecutors, the settlement could be announced aearly as next week and won't impose sancbrokerage firms, according to securities industry officials familiar with the case. Current drafts of the agreement call for the brokerages to promise, under threat of future legal sanctions, that they won't violate federal antitrust laws, people familiar with the settlement say. The settlement will not require the firms to formally acknowledge past wrongdoing. Published 16:37 (See story: NI NASD)ALSO IN THE NEWS S&AMP;L Bailout to Cost Taxpayers Almost $500 Billion, GAO Says By Paul Nyhan  Washington: The federal government's bill for bailing out the savings and loan industry in the 1980s continues to rise and will reach almost half a trillion dollars, the General Accounting Office said. The estimate is considerably higher than many earlier calculations that placed the cost of the effort at $120 billion. The GAO, the investigative arm of Congress, puts the cost at $480.9 billion. One reason for the higher bill is that the agency adds in indirect costs, such as interest the federal government must pay on money it borrowed to finance the bailout. That alone comes to about $209 billion over the next 30 years, the GAO said today. The bill may rise even higher if the government has to pay savings and loans for an accounting change it forced on them in 1989, sending many into insolvency. The Supreme Court ruled recently that thrifts can collect damages from the U.S., and industry officials say those claims can add as much as $20 billion to the bailout's cost. Published 15:39 (See story: NI BNK) EU to Draw Up Measures Against U.S. in Cuba Dispute By Edward Roussel  Brussels: The European Union said it will list possible retaliatory measures against the U.S. next week to press the Clinton administration to drop its sanctions against companies and executives who invest in Cuba. The meeting of EU trade ministers Monday and Tuesday coincides with a decision by U.S. President Bill Clinton whether to exempt U.S. allies from a law punishing investors in property confiscated from Americans in Cuba. Clinton has until midnight eastern time Monday to rule. The dispute could become the worst transatlantic disagreement since the 1993 talks on the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade. On that occasion, EU refusal to reduce farm subsidies to levels demanded by the U.S. almost dashed a worldwide agreement on reducing tariffs on goods and services. ``It's difficult to see any trading power accepting the U.S. stance on Cuba,'' said Brian Hindley, a trade lecturer at the London School of Economics. Published 11:20 (See story: NI EU) Mexico May Increase Note Sale to $5 Bln: Financing Government By Jane Baird  London: Avid demand for Mexico's first investment-grade debt is likely to boost the sale from $3 billion to as much as $5 billion, investors said. Mexican officials are meeting with banks and institutional investors around the world to promote the sale of five-year floating-rate notes. The funds will be used to repay part of the $10.5 billion owed the U.S. from an emergency bailout early last year. Keith Swabey, manager of West Merchant Bank's Plus-500 emerging markets fund, said Mexico may decide to sell $5 billion. ``The key is its investment-grade rating and the fact it can be issued in a bond format,'' Swabey said. Banks will be able to choose notes in the form of global bonds, which can be bought and sold through standard international settlement systems, or syndicated loans, which typically don't trade, according to the prospectus. The notes will all pay a yield of 212.5 basis points more than the London interbank offered rate, now about 5.68 percent. The sale is scheduled to be completed Aug. 9. ``It looks like it'll be very well received,'' said David Maslin, a fund manager with Aeltus Investment Management in Hartford, Connecticut, the investing arm of Aetna Retirement Services, a $6 billion pension fund. Published 12:40 (See story: NI MEX) SEC Says New Prospectus to be Adopted Within Year: Mutual Funds By Neil Roland  Washington: The Securities and Exchange Commission says it expects within a year to require mutual funds to start using a simplified prospectus that conveys overall portfolio risk, both graphically and in writing. Heidi Stam, associate director of the SEC's investment-management division, said a consensus is emerging between the fund industry and consumer groups about key elements of an SEC plan to simplify the currently unwieldy documents. Included in prospectuses would be a 10-year chart or graph of a fund's performance compared against a broader performance benchmark, as well as a written summary of portfolio risk, she said. The SEC plans to simplify the prospectus either by streamlining the current document, by introducing a shortened or ``profile'' prospectus, or both, Stam said. ``A year from now, I definitely, definitely expect to see a better prospectus that is easier to read and understand,'' she said in an interview. Published 8:57 (See story: NI SEC) ECONOMY AND MARKETS U.S. Economy: Retail Sales Fall, PPI Up 0.2% in June By Vincent Del Giudice and Mike McKee  Washington: U.S. retail sales sustained their steepest decline in almost a year in June as inflation stirred, government figures showed. For investors, the 0.2 percent decline in retail sales was the key reason Treasury bond prices soared because it is ``clearly consistent with a decelerating economy,'' said Mark Vitner, an economist at First Union Corp.'s Capital Markets Group. That's good news for bond investors because it gives the Federal Reserve breathing room to delay deciding whether to raise interest rates, analysts said, even though the producer price index rose by a stronger-than-expected 0.2 percent last month. ``This doesn't rush the Federal Reserve into action,'' said Robert Dederick, an economic consultant at the Northern Trust Co., in Chicago. ``The Fed can sit on its hands for a while longer.'' Published 12:09 (See story: NI ECO) Hospital Bond Gains Seen on Stronger Ratings: Rates of Return By MaryAnn Busso  New York: Though health care stocks helped send the market tumbling yesterday, holders of junk bonds of the nation's health care companies are feeling no pain. Tenet Healthcare Corp., Ornda Healthcorp and Quorum Health Group Inc. are among companies running hospitals more efficiently, providing a tonic for their junk bonds. And the prognosis is good. Holders of Tenet and other health care bonds are hoping to pocket gains as the spread, or difference in yield between these bonds and benchmark Treasuries securities, continues to narrow. ``Most high-yield health care bonds have gone to the promised land,'' said Harry Resis, who helps manage $5 billion of high-yield assets at Kemper Funds in Chicago. ``It's just a matter of time before Tenet gets there.'' Tenet, the Santa Monica-based hospital operator, formed a year ago through the merger of National Medical Enterprises Inc. and American Medical International Inc., leads a handful of health care providers that are cutting costs and reducing debt -- and now have expectations of winning higher credit ratings. Published 10:14 (See story: BBCO9) HEADLINE NEWS Business and Finance U.K.'s Lloyd's, following losses, reports big profit (NI INS) Japan's Pioneer group to set up record company in U.S. (NI ELE) Worldwide Prince Charles, Diana agree to divorce by Aug. 28 (NI UK) Italy ex-premier Berlusconi to be tried for fraud (NI ITALY) IMF approves $1.4 bln Venezuela loan to help end slump (NI IMF)  16:44 -0- (BBN) Jul/12/96 16:47 EOS (BBN) Jul/12/96 16:47 86 </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19960712.0427 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-US-BUDGET-ADD1-BLOOM) </DATELINE> <TEXT> &AMP;US-BUDGET-ADD1 (For use by New York Times News Service clients) c.1996 Bloomberg Business News  Bloomberg Business News also plans to move the following stories for use by N.Y. Times News Service clients, AMs and PMs of July 13 and thereafter. For questions about market news stories, contact Brian Rooney in the New York bureau, (212)-318-2300. For questions about company news stories, contact Larry Levinson in the Princeton, N.J., bureau, (609)-279-4000. For questions about Washington stories, contact Marthe Fourcade, (202)-434-1820. Direct repeat requests, comments and inquiries about Bloomberg to Roberto Dias, editor, in New York, (800)-448-5678, extension 2121.  Market News &AMP; Features  FRIDAY'S-US-MARKETS (New York) -- U.S. Treasury bonds gained for a fifth day as reports on last month's retail business allayed concern the Federal Reserve will need to raise interest rates in coming weeks to keep inflation at bay. U.S. stocks fell for the sixth time in eight days. The dollar rose against the yen and the German mark. By Robert Burgess and Ken Kohn, with Bloomberg Staff.  ALUMINUM-RECOVERY (London) -- Aluminum prices, which have slumped 10 percent since May due to copper's negative influence, are seen rising later this year because the world's top producers aren't expected to restart idled smelting capacity anytime soon. By Stephen Voss.  US-STOCK-OUTLOOK (New York) -- Pictures of fully stocked cars running from the east coast in the past couple days only looked like investors seeking refuge from Wall Street. In truth, the hordes of vacationers were fleeing beaches ahead of Hurricane Bertha. While Bertha was expected to peter out quickly, forecasts for the stock market remain stormy through next week. Bellwether companies ranging from Coca-Cola Co. to Intel Corp. will announce earnings along with a host of other first-rank firms. By Roger Madoff with reporting by Scott Schnipper.  Local Stock Index Coverage  Editors: Bloomberg Business News publishes daily closing stock market reports for 16 states, cities or regions. The reports will focus on stock performances of companies in Colorado, Connecticut, Indiana, Jacksonville, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Ohio, Philadelphia, Puget Sound, St. Louis, Silicon Valley, Tampa, Texas and Wisconsin. The slug of each story will be (STATE/REGION/CITY)-STOCKS, e.g., MASSACHUSETTS-STOCKS, PUGET-SOUND-STOCKS.  Olympics '96 Notebook  Editors: Bloomberg Business News continues the OLYMPICS-'96-NOTEBOOK, highlighting business and economic issues pertaining to the 1996 Summer Olympics. The notebook will run throughout the games, ending on August 4. The notebook will include the Bloomberg Olympics 1996 Index of stocks affected by the Games.  Columns &AMP; Commentary  SMALLBIZ-INTERNET (Anguilla, British West Indies) -- An increasing number of small businesses are using the Internet to promote tools that can be used to commit fraud, law enforcement officials said. The global computer network's popular World Wide Web includes sites offering a variety of ways to hide one's identity and use offshore accounts for secret stock trading and asset concealment. By David Evans.  Mutual Funds  MUTUAL-FUND-FLOWS (New York) -- Investor appetite for stock and bond mutual funds declined in the week ended July 10 as U.S. financial markets fell, according to a weekly report from AMG Data Services, a research group in Arcata, California that tracks mutual-fund money flows. By Ken Kohn.  Company News  INTEL-ESTIMATE (Santa Clara, California) -- Intel Corp. is expected to report higher second-quarter profit as strong demand for Pentium chips boosts the world's largest chipmaker's sales as much as 21 percent. By Margaret D. Williams.  KODAK-ESTIMATE (Rochester, New York) -- Eastman Kodak Co. is expected to post a modest profit increase for the second-quarter as booming film sales outside the U.S., in particular in emerging markets such as China, offset slower film sales at home. By Sandra Jones.  Washington  S&AMP;L-BAILOUT (Washington) -- The federal government's bill for bailing out the savings and loan industry in the 1980s continues to rise and will reach almost half a trillion dollars, according to a GAO report. By Paul Nyhan.  Also in the News  CANADA-TRADE-MINISTER (Ottawa) -- Canadian Trade Minister Art Eggleton said he will take action under the North American Free Trade Agreement to try to force changes in a new U.S. law on investment in Cuba if it isn't altered soon. By Corey Goldman.  MILCHAN-PROFILE (New York) -- Arnon Milchan, the secretive, Israeli-born producer of such hits as ``Pretty Woman'' and ``Boys on the Side'' wants to acquire MGM Inc. His attempted acquisition underscores the depth of his ambityion to be big a dominant film producer in Hollywood. Can he rise enough to rival Tinseltown's biggest players? By Jon Friedman.  (END) -0- (BBN) Jul/12/96 16:49 EOS (BBN) Jul/12/96 16:49 86 </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19960712.0428 type=story > <HEADLINE> NORTHROP GRUMMAN GETS $97 MILLION AIR FORCE RADAR CONTRACT </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> Los Angeles, July 12 (Bloomberg) (BC-NORTHROP-CONTRACT-BLOOM) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199607.gz"
