"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"8119"	"they"	"disappeared"	" Such a universal, well-rounded perspective informs every page of A.D. 1250, which details the lives of the Sinagua traders, the Mogollon farmers, the canal-building Hohokam and the mysterious Salado people. These tribes flourished during 1250 and 1400, Cheek tells us, but just before Columbus arrived in the New World, they disappeared, leaving their impressive building sites abruptly abandoned. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199411.gz"
"36347"	"they"	"disappeared"	" In those days, if Jack or I weren't crazy about folks, they disappeared, filed under the category of people we didn't choose to see again. It wasn't until we joined the Unitarian Universalist Church years later that I noticed something different happening in our social life. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199510.gz"
"87515"	"he"	"disappeared"	" Kojima quickly became a major embarrassment to the White House. Soon after the dinner, he disappeared, as claims surfaced that he had vast business and tax debts. Several months later, he was arrested and charged with failure to pay child support. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199702.gz"
"96219"	"he"	"disappeared"	" After Almarabh was convicted on assault charges in December 2000, he disappeared, his lawyer said Wednesday, violating the terms of his six-month suspended sentence. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010919.0403 type=story > <HEADLINE> RELIGIOUS LEADER BRINGS HIS CALLING TO GROUND ZERO </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> NEW YORK (BC-NY-SCIENTOLOGISTS-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200109.gz"
"100174"	"he"	"disappeared"	" His father was assigned to Trieste, to hold military trials of captured partisans, and one night in 1944, he disappeared, except in Domenig's imagination. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200111.gz"
"116491"	"they"	"disappeared"	" With the coming of the Nazis, they disappeared, carrying with them the histories of homes and communities and the recollections of parents and grandparents and uncles and aunts and brothers and sisters wiped out in the Holocaust. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200205.gz"
"134671"	"he"	"disappeared"	" A church was being built or remodeled and they wanted a spiral staircase. A passer-by came in and built the spiral staircase with no supports! When it was done, he disappeared, and other people realized nobody knew who he was. (Out-of-work mason? Good Samaritan? Angel?) </P> "	"nyt_eng_200212.gz"
"134672"	"he"	"disappeared"	" A church was being built or remodeled and they wanted a spiral staircase. A passer-by came in and built the spiral staircase with no supports! When it was done, he disappeared, and other people realized nobody knew who he was. (Out-of-work mason? Good Samaritan? Angel?) </P> "	"nyt_eng_200212.gz"
"154496"	"they"	"disappeared"	" Before World War II, bedbugs, known as Cimex lectularius, were as common as fleas in the United States. But after World War II, they disappeared, leaving behind the popular saying, don't let the bedbugs bite. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200507.gz"
"155826"	"he"	"disappeared"	" Rep. Scott Hochberg, D-Houston, the amendment's primary sponsor, said the Democratic plan would have put $2 billion more into the public schools than the Republican proposal, would have been more equitable and given homeowners more property tax relief through a higher homestead exemption. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050727.0100 type=advis > <HEADLINE> SUNDAY-EARLY-BUDGET-NYT </HEADLINE> <TEXT> The New York Times News Service plans the following articles from the Arts &amp; Leisure and Travel sections for use Sunday, July 31, and thereafter.  If you have questions about stories, call 888-346-9867 or 212-556-1927. For questions about photos, call 888-603-1036 or 212-556-4204. This budget will be updated as needed in the SUNDAY-FINAL-BUDGET, which moves Friday before 8 p.m. EST. Sunday Financial articles are budgeted separately on Thursday, then incorporated, with updates, into Friday's final Sunday budget.  Arts &amp; Leisure articles move with an e code; Travel articles, t.  MTV-VIDEOS (Undated) -- It's hard to remember now, but there was a time when MTV was new -- an upstart with barely enough clips to fill its airtime, using I Want My MTV! commercials to urge local providers to take notice. The viewing experience was unlike any before it: almost exclusively music videos, a strange new medium of three-minute units and an uncharted arena of artistic and commercial opportunities. Back then, the venue and the content seemed so perfectly suited that it was hard to imagine one without the other. Today the video and MTV have gone their separate ways. Even MTV2, the little-sister channel once devoted solely to videos, has begun a switch to original programming. But rather than shrivel away, videos have taken on an exciting if uncertain life of their own, far away from the mother ship that launched them. They thrive at online music sites, they're sold in record stores, they connect strangers across the Internet. And just this month, speculation was rampant that they might soon be coming to iPods. By Jon Caramanica.  ESPN-SMITH (New York) -- If you're a sports fan -- more specifically, a basketball fan -- you may already find it hard to avoid Stephen A. Smith. He is the emerging face of hoops talk at ESPN, a fierce, confident, at times bombastic presence whose brash, clamorous style not only punctuates his reporting and analysis but sometimes eclipses them. In less than two years at the sports media empire, the lean, goateed Smith has become one of its best-known personalities, and arguably its most renowned African-American. A cheeky attitude has already earned him Smith regular spots on SportsCenter, an analyst's seat on three NBA programs, appearances on ESPN2's Cold Pizza and a daily ESPN Radio program. Now, Smith's posture has prompted ESPN to make him the star of a nightly one-hour talk show on ESPN2, Quite Frankly (named for one of his often-repeated phrases). By Richard Sandomir.  CINDERELLA-CITY-ARCHITECTURE (New York) -- For comic book fans, the fictional cities of Metropolis and Gotham, home to Superman and Batman, feel as real as New York, the inspiration for both. Now there is another city to add to their dreamscape: the Cinderella City, the setting for the comic book series Manhattan Guardian. As the title indicates, Cinderella City is unmistakably New York, but it is a New York that is at once more true to life and more fantastical than that of any other comic book tribute. Much of it looks like the New York of today: grimy subway stations, soaring buildings, busy street scenes. But Grant Morrison, the Scottish writer who created the Manhattan Guardian as part of the larger Seven Soldiers series, also laced it with architectural marvels that were proposed but never actually constructed. By Alexandra Starr.  Theater  LENNON-THEATER (New York) -- For Don Scardino, the idea of writing and directing a musical about John Lennon was impossible to resist, even though the pitfalls of undertaking the project could not have been clearer. A Beatles fan since the group's earliest hits -- now 57, he said he hightailed it to Kennedy Airport to see the group's arrival here on its first visit in 1964 -- he caught both Beatles concerts at Shea Stadium, in 1965 and 1966, and still quotes lines from A Hard Day's Night and Help! from memory. Scardino, whose Lennon has been running in previews here for three weeks, also knew that the medium itself might seem suspect to many of Lennon's fans. The wave of the rock revolution that the Beatles led, after all, swept musical theater hits off the pop charts (permanently, with the exception of rock-oriented shows like Hair) and made musical theater seem decidedly uncool. How could a musical theater work do justice to Lennon, the sharp-tongued rock star who, during the Beatles years and for a while beyond them, defined counterculture hipness? By Allan Kozinn.  Film  DOGS-FILM-SPIRO (Undated) -- The incandescent Diane Lane and the appealing John Cusack are the stars, playing mopey singles stepping warily back into circulation after painful divorces. The supporting cast, an ensemble of scene stealers, includes Christopher Plummer and Stockard Channing. And as the title, Must Love Dogs, suggests, several adorable pooches figure in as well. But when Jordana Spiro, as Sherry, bounces into a party scene to flirt briefly with Cusack's character, Jake, she might as well be in the movie by herself. With her come-hither hair, Goldie Hawn lips and solemnly empty-headed gaze, Spiro nails the dumb-blonde stereotype with a mere six lines of dialogue. When Sylviane Gold called her in Los Angeles, where she is working on what she said was a pretty twisted indie called Alone With Her, Spiro sounded friendly and focused and in no way dumb. An interview, in Q&amp;A form.  PEARL-FILMS (Undated) -- Of the many stories born of our encounters with terror in the last four years, few have had the obvious narrative power of Daniel Pearl's. The Wall Street Journal reporter -- relentlessly inquisitive, a bit poetic and, not incidentally, a Jew -- landed in Pakistan following the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan, determined to find and report on some of the religious extremists in the region. In January of 2002, he disappeared, leaving his pregnant spouse to mount a search that spiraled toward a hideous endpoint: the videotape of his throat being slit by Islamic militants. Inevitably, Hollywood was drawn to the drama. In October 2003, Warner Bros. agreed to pay more than $500,000 for film rights to a book on Pearl by his widow. Warner's Pearl project survived a jolt when its producers at a company called Plan B went through multiple separations. Two partners, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston, broke up their marriage, while a third, Brad Grey, took a day job as head of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, a competing project entered the picture when Beacon Communications teamed with the veteran filmmakers Edward Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz and the producer Charlie Lyons in buying film rights to a conversational detective story about Pearl written by the philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy. By Christian Moerk.  Art and Architecture  FRICK-COLLECTION (New York) -- With its selection of revered old master paintings and imposing Gilded Age decor, the Frick Collection is set in its ways. And visitors apparently like it that way. People were so startled by improved lighting in the galleries a few years ago that they worried that all the paintings had been cleaned. When a never-before-displayed portrait bust quietly took up residence next to Jacques-Louis David's well-known oil portrait of the Comtesse Daru last fall, it was a potential earthquake in the making. This leaves Anne L. Poulet with a tricky challenge. Since becoming the director of the collection, started a century ago by the coke-and-steel baron Henry Clay Frick, she has been trying to change the unchangeable -- in a way that nobody will notice. By Hugh Eakin.  Bestseller Lists  BESTSELLERS-HARD-L (Undated) -- Best-selling hardbacks, long-form list.  BESTSELLERS-HARD-S (Undated) -- Best-selling hardbacks, short-form list.  BESTSELLERS-PAPER-L (Undated) -- Best-selling paperbacks, long-form list.  BESTSELLERS-PAPER-S (Undated) -- Best-selling paperbacks, short-form list.  BESTSELLERS-CHILDREN (Undated) -- Best-selling children's books.  NOTEWORTHY-PAPERBACKS (Undated) -- Short summaries of other paperbacks.  ON-LANGUAGE (Undated) -- The weekly language column. By William Safire.  Editors, this column moves on the Monday or Tuesday before publication.  TRAVEL (t code)  TRAVEL-ST-TROPEZ (Undated) -- This just in: Don't look for St.-Tropez in the obituaries anytime soon. Summer after summer, year after year, the former Roman colony whose name has become a byword for sun-soaked shores and Champagne-soaked revelry swells with the pleasure seekers, the rich, the superrich and the flesh-and-blood incarnations of characters usually seen on magazine covers and shareholder reports. The ritual is as regular and irrepressible as the Cote d'Azur tides themselves: The yachts barrel in, the Ferraris roll up, the paparazzi take up position, the vacationers gape and wave. By Seth Sherwood.  With  TRAVEL-ST-TROPEZ-VILLAGE (Undated) -- Champagne showers and showy boats notwithstanding, one of the most enduring -- and false -- legends about St.-Tropez is that it is a gated Olympus where mortals rarely tread. While it does have its share of Big Names, a second St.-Tropez lurks among the sports cars and screen stars, hidden in plain sight. St.-Tropez is of course very mythic for the wealthy who come here to party, says Tonya Kinzinger. But it's also an old fisherman's town and very authentic. You have a relationship with the people where you buy your bread. By Seth Sherwood.  TRAVEL-DISNEY (Undated) -- As Disney marks the 50th birthday of its first theme park -- Disneyland in California -- with a company-wide 18-month celebration that began in May, it is facing great scrutiny, particularly when it comes to Walt Disney World -- a 30,000-plus-acre complex in Florida that comprises four theme parks and more than 20 resorts and that attracted 40.5 million visitors in 2004. Much of the focus stems from the recent corporate shakeup that ended with the decision by Michael D. Eisner, the longtime chief executive, to resign effective this September. At the heart of the drama is the question of whether Disney has put profits ahead of the need to deliver the celebrated Disney magic, especially at the parks and resorts. By Charles Passy.  TRAVEL-SLOVENIA (Undated) -- In Ljubljana, Slovenia's capital city, Old Europe still provides a tasteful, functional backdrop for a cool, microchip New Europe. By Alex Creaver.  TRAVEL-TORONTO (Undated) -- When it comes to trendy neighborhoods, Toronto's east end has traditionally lagged behind more westerly hot spots such as Queen Street West or College Street's Little Italy. Now, however, Queen Street East is the new Queen Street West, with the formerly industrial stretch known as Leslieville emerging as Toronto's hippest place to dine, drink, shop and live. By Susan Catto.  Regular Features  FRUGAL-NEWPORT (Undated) -- A weekend for two in Newport, R.I., for $500. By Matt Gross.  PRACTICAL-TRAVELER (Undated) -- If last summer's tempests weren't a powerful enough reminder of the risks of traveling during hurricane season, this year's early string of violent storms should do the job. Between Dennis and Emily, and the National Weather Service's grim prediction of seven to nine hurricanes this season, the odds of a tropical getaway turning into a brush with disaster seem stacked against the traveler. With the Caribbean and Florida now fully established as year-round destinations, travel industry officials have a new mantra for storm-dodging travelers: Be prepared. By Beth Greenfield.  TRAVEL-BARGAINS (Undated) -- On the lookout for travel deals and discounts. By Pamela Noel.  (Editors: Budgets and advisories are internal documents not for publication or redistribution outside of client news organizations. Unauthorized use of budgets and advisories constitutes a violation of our contract terms. All clients receive all budgets, but only full-service clients receive all stories. Please check your level of service to determine which stories you will receive.) </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050727.0101 type=story > <HEADLINE> GREETINGS-NYT </HEADLINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200507.gz"
"155872"	"he"	"disappeared"	" Of the many stories born of our encounters with terror in the last four years, few have had the obvious narrative power of Daniel Pearl's. Accompanied by a young wife, the 38-year-old Wall Street Journal reporter -- relentlessly inquisitive, a bit poetic and, not incidentally, a Jew -- landed in Pakistan in the heady months following the Afghan invasion by the United States, determined to find and report on some of the religious extremists in the region. In January 2002, he disappeared, leaving his pregnant spouse to mount a search that spiraled toward a hideous endpoint: the videotape of his throat being slit by Islamic militants. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200507.gz"
"155973"	"he"	"disappeared"	" -- GRAHAM BOWLEY </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050729.0273 type=advis > <HEADLINE> SUNDAY-FINAL-BUDGET-NYT </HEADLINE> <TEXT> EDS: Updates with photo and graphic notes, adds cover stories.&amp;gt;  The New York Times News Service has moved the following entertainment/arts, travel, financial, auto and style articles this week for release Sunday, Aug. 29. If you have questions about stories, call 888-346-9867 or 212-556-1927. For questions about photos, call 888-603-1036 or 212-556-4204.  MTV-VIDEOS (Undated) -- It's hard to remember now, but there was a time when MTV was new -- an upstart with barely enough clips to fill its airtime, using I Want My MTV! commercials to urge local providers to take notice. The viewing experience was unlike any before it: almost exclusively music videos, a strange new medium of three-minute units and an uncharted arena of artistic and commercial opportunities. Back then, the venue and the content seemed so perfectly suited that it was hard to imagine one without the other. Today the video and MTV have gone their separate ways. Even MTV2, the little-sister channel once devoted solely to videos, has begun a switch to original programming. But rather than shrivel away, videos have taken on an exciting if uncertain life of their own, far away from the mother ship that launched them. They thrive at online music sites, they're sold in record stores, they connect strangers across the Internet. And just this month, speculation was rampant that they might soon be coming to iPods. By Jon Caramanica.  ESPN-SMITH (New York) -- If you're a sports fan -- more specifically, a basketball fan -- you may already find it hard to avoid Stephen A. Smith. He is the emerging face of hoops talk at ESPN, a fierce, confident, at times bombastic presence whose brash, clamorous style not only punctuates his reporting and analysis but sometimes eclipses them. In less than two years at the sports media empire, the lean, goateed Smith has become one of its best-known personalities, and arguably its most renowned African-American. A cheeky attitude has already earned him Smith regular spots on SportsCenter, an analyst's seat on three NBA programs, appearances on ESPN2's Cold Pizza and a daily ESPN Radio program. Now, Smith's posture has prompted ESPN to make him the star of a nightly one-hour talk show on ESPN2, Quite Frankly (named for one of his often-repeated phrases). By Richard Sandomir.  With photo NYT 53 sent July 27.  CINDERELLA-CITY-ARCHITECTURE (New York) -- For comic book fans, the fictional cities of Metropolis and Gotham, home to Superman and Batman, feel as real as New York, the inspiration for both. Now there is another city to add to their dreamscape: the Cinderella City, the setting for the comic book series Manhattan Guardian. As the title indicates, Cinderella City is unmistakably New York, but it is a New York that is at once more true to life and more fantastical than that of any other comic book tribute. Much of it looks like the New York of today: grimy subway stations, soaring buildings, busy street scenes. But Grant Morrison, the Scottish writer who created the Manhattan Guardian as part of the larger Seven Soldiers series, also laced it with architectural marvels that were proposed but never actually constructed. By Alexandra Starr.  LENNON-THEATER (New York) -- For Don Scardino, the idea of writing and directing a musical about John Lennon was impossible to resist, even though the pitfalls of undertaking the project could not have been clearer. A Beatles fan since the group's earliest hits -- now 57, he said he hightailed it to Kennedy Airport to see the group's arrival here on its first visit in 1964 -- he caught both Beatles concerts at Shea Stadium, in 1965 and 1966, and still quotes lines from A Hard Day's Night and Help! from memory. Scardino, whose Lennon has been running in previews here for three weeks, also knew that the medium itself might seem suspect to many of Lennon's fans. The wave of the rock revolution that the Beatles led, after all, swept musical theater hits off the pop charts (permanently, with the exception of rock-oriented shows like Hair) and made musical theater seem decidedly uncool. How could a musical theater work do justice to Lennon, the sharp-tongued rock star who, during the Beatles years and for a while beyond them, defined counterculture hipness? By Allan Kozinn.  DOGS-FILM-SPIRO (Undated) -- The incandescent Diane Lane and the appealing John Cusack are the stars, playing mopey singles stepping warily back into circulation after painful divorces. The supporting cast, an ensemble of scene stealers, includes Christopher Plummer and Stockard Channing. And as the title, Must Love Dogs, suggests, several adorable pooches figure in as well. But when Jordana Spiro, as Sherry, bounces into a party scene to flirt briefly with Cusack's character, Jake, she might as well be in the movie by herself. With her come-hither hair, Goldie Hawn lips and solemnly empty-headed gaze, Spiro nails the dumb-blonde stereotype with a mere six lines of dialogue. When Sylviane Gold called her in Los Angeles, where she is working on what she said was a pretty twisted indie called Alone With Her, Spiro sounded friendly and focused and in no way dumb. An interview, in Q&amp;A form.  PEARL-FILMS (Undated) -- Of the many stories born of our encounters with terror in the last four years, few have had the obvious narrative power of Daniel Pearl's. The Wall Street Journal reporter -- relentlessly inquisitive, a bit poetic and, not incidentally, a Jew -- landed in Pakistan following the U.S. invasion of Afghanistan, determined to find and report on some of the religious extremists in the region. In January of 2002, he disappeared, leaving his pregnant spouse to mount a search that spiraled toward a hideous endpoint: the videotape of his throat being slit by Islamic militants. Inevitably, Hollywood was drawn to the drama. In October 2003, Warner Bros. agreed to pay more than $500,000 for film rights to a book on Pearl by his widow. Warner's Pearl project survived a jolt when its producers at a company called Plan B went through multiple separations. Two partners, Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston, broke up their marriage, while a third, Brad Grey, took a day job as head of Paramount Pictures. Meanwhile, a competing project entered the picture when Beacon Communications teamed with the veteran filmmakers Edward Zwick and Marshall Herskovitz and the producer Charlie Lyons in buying film rights to a conversational detective story about Pearl written by the philosopher Bernard-Henri Levy. By Christian Moerk.  FRICK-COLLECTION (New York) -- With its selection of revered old master paintings and imposing Gilded Age decor, the Frick Collection is set in its ways. And visitors apparently like it that way. People were so startled by improved lighting in the galleries a few years ago that they worried that all the paintings had been cleaned. When a never-before-displayed portrait bust quietly took up residence next to Jacques-Louis David's well-known oil portrait of the Comtesse Daru last fall, it was a potential earthquake in the making. This leaves Anne L. Poulet with a tricky challenge. Since becoming the director of the collection, started a century ago by the coke-and-steel baron Henry Clay Frick, she has been trying to change the unchangeable -- in a way that nobody will notice. By Hugh Eakin.  BESTSELLERS-HARD-L (Undated) -- Best-selling hardbacks, long-form list.  BESTSELLERS-HARD-S (Undated) -- Best-selling hardbacks, short-form list.  BESTSELLERS-PAPER-L (Undated) -- Best-selling paperbacks, long-form list.  BESTSELLERS-PAPER-S (Undated) -- Best-selling paperbacks, short-form list.  NOTEWORTHY-PAPERBACKS (Undated) -- Short summaries of other paperbacks.  ON-LANGUAGE (Undated) -- The weekly language column. By William Safire.  Editors, this column moves on the Monday or Tuesday before publication.  TRAVEL-ST-TROPEZ (Undated) -- This just in: Don't look for St.-Tropez in the obituaries anytime soon. Summer after summer, year after year, the former Roman colony whose name has become a byword for sun-soaked shores and Champagne-soaked revelry swells with the pleasure seekers, the rich, the superrich and the flesh-and-blood incarnations of characters usually seen on magazine covers and shareholder reports. The ritual is as regular and irrepressible as the Cote d'Azur tides themselves: The yachts barrel in, the Ferraris roll up, the paparazzi take up position, the vacationers gape and wave. By Seth Sherwood.  With photos NYT 62-65 sent July 27.  With  TRAVEL-ST-TROPEZ-VILLAGE (Undated) -- Champagne showers and showy boats notwithstanding, one of the most enduring -- and false -- legends about St.-Tropez is that it is a gated Olympus where mortals rarely tread. While it does have its share of Big Names, a second St.-Tropez lurks among the sports cars and screen stars, hidden in plain sight. St.-Tropez is of course very mythic for the wealthy who come here to party, says Tonya Kinzinger. But it's also an old fisherman's town and very authentic. You have a relationship with the people where you buy your bread. By Seth Sherwood.  TRAVEL-DISNEY (Undated) -- As Disney marks the 50th birthday of its first theme park -- Disneyland in California -- with a company-wide 18-month celebration that began in May, it is facing great scrutiny, particularly when it comes to Walt Disney World -- a 30,000-plus-acre complex in Florida that comprises four theme parks and more than 20 resorts and that attracted 40.5 million visitors in 2004. Much of the focus stems from the recent corporate shakeup that ended with the decision by Michael D. Eisner, the longtime chief executive, to resign effective this September. At the heart of the drama is the question of whether Disney has put profits ahead of the need to deliver the celebrated Disney magic, especially at the parks and resorts. By Charles Passy.  With photos NYT 66-68 sent July 27.  TRAVEL-SLOVENIA (Undated) -- In Ljubljana, Slovenia's capital city, Old Europe still provides a tasteful, functional backdrop for a cool, microchip New Europe. By Alex Creaver.  With photos NYT 69-71 sent July 27.  TRAVEL-TORONTO (Undated) -- When it comes to trendy neighborhoods, Toronto's east end has traditionally lagged behind more westerly hot spots such as Queen Street West or College Street's Little Italy. Now, however, Queen Street East is the new Queen Street West, with the formerly industrial stretch known as Leslieville emerging as Toronto's hippest place to dine, drink, shop and live. By Susan Catto.  Regular Features  FRUGAL-NEWPORT (Undated) -- A weekend for two in Newport, R.I., for $500. By Matt Gross.  With photos NYT 91-93 sent July 27.  PRACTICAL-TRAVELER (Undated) -- If last summer's tempests weren't a powerful enough reminder of the risks of traveling during hurricane season, this year's early string of violent storms should do the job. Between Dennis and Emily, and the National Weather Service's grim prediction of seven to nine hurricanes this season, the odds of a tropical getaway turning into a brush with disaster seem stacked against the traveler. With the Caribbean and Florida now fully established as year-round destinations, travel industry officials have a new mantra for storm-dodging travelers: Be prepared. By Beth Greenfield.  TRAVEL-BARGAINS (Undated) -- On the lookout for travel deals and discounts. By Pamela Noel  SECURITY-HACKERS (Undated) -- Tell me the things you most want to keep secret, Mark Seiden told a top executive at the bank a few years back. The executive listed two. One was the true identities of clients negotiating deals so hush-hush that even people inside the bank referred to them by using a code name. The other was the financial details of those mergers and acquisitions. A week later, Seiden sat in this man's office in possession of both supposedly guarded secrets. He also had in hand a pilfered batch of keys that would give him entry into this bank's offices scattered around the globe, photocopies of the floor plans for each office and a suitcase stuffed with backup tapes that would have allowed him to replicate all the files on the bank's computer system. Seiden is what people inside the security industry call a sniffer: someone who is paid to twist doorknobs for a living, to see which are safely locked and which are left dangerously unsecured. By Gary Rivlin.  With photos NYT 9-10 sent July 29.  PENSION-MONEY (Undated) -- Congress, regulatory officials, lobbyists and the news media are all scrambling this summer to find out what has gone wrong with the pension system. Hearings have been convened in the wake of United's default, chief executives examined under oath, bills introduced in the House and Senate, numbers crunched. But virtually everyone is looking at the rules on how much money a company puts into a pension plan every year -- not at what happens to the money after that. By Mary Walsh.  MARKET-WATCH (Undated) -- Weekly Wall Street commentary. By Gretchen Morgenson.  ECON-COLUMN (Undated) -- It's an axiom of business that first impressions count. Opinions formed in the initial moments of a new encounter are notoriously hard to shake. But first impressions are often wrong. After all, can anyone really size up complex issues in just a glance? That can be a problem in understanding the economy, too. By Anna Bernasek.  EVERYBODYS-BUSINESS (Undated) -- Partly because a company affiliated with the Chinese government has made a bid to buy Unocal, a large American oil company, there is a lot of talk in the news media about how powerful China has become and how weak and pitiful the United States has become. It's time to stop moaning about China already, OK? By Ben Stein.  INVESTING  INVEST-UTILITIES (Undated) -- If technology stocks are the market's equivalent of Ferraris in the fast lane, then utilities are Volvos driven down Main Street at two miles an hour below the speed limit. They are bought for safety and stability, not high performance. Until lately, that is. Indexes of utility stocks have doubled since their lows of October 2002, far outpacing the rest of the stock market. It has been the sector's sharpest rally since World War II. By Conrad de Aenlle.  With photo NYT 12 and a graphic sent July 29.  INVEST-PLANNERS (Undated) -- Though some financial planners and advisers are helping those of modest means, the stereotype of the unaffordable financial planner dies hard. A look at who needs a financial planner, and why. By David M. Carr.  ABOUTCARS-HYBRIDS (Chicago) -- Review of the 2006 Lexus RX 400h, the first hybrid to wear a luxury label and a vehicle that is hard to figure out. While this Lexus costs some $12,000 more than the conventional gasoline version and accelerates a fair bit faster, it gets only marginally better mileage. Has Toyota, which pretty much wrote the rules on hybrids, suddenly changed them in the middle of the game? By Jeff Sabatini.  With photo NYT 15 sent July 29.  HYBRIDS-TOYOTA (Undated) -- Short takes on the disappointing mileage obtained by others driving new hybrids from Toyota and Lexus.  With photos NYT 16-17 sent July 29.  HYBRIDS-EPA (Undated) -- Federal mileage estimates almost always seem too high, but they tend to be especially inflated with hybrids. Should the numbers on window stickers be more realistic? By Brad Berman.  For Monday release:  AUTO-HOOD-ORNAMENTS (Undated) -- While the hood ornament has a place in history, it's hard to find one on an actual hood anymore. But viewed as works of art, the ornaments are prized by collectors. At this year's Pageant of the Masters in Laguna Beach, performers who normally re-create living artworks like The Last Supper have added hood ornaments and other auto-themed art to their repertoires. By Jerry Garrett.  SUMMER-ALPHABET (Undated) -- There was a time when what people did on their summer vacations was no one else's business. Summer getaways were family time, and there was no need to fetishize or advertise one's preferred burg for unwinding. But befitting an age in which social status is telegraphed through handbags and logoed luxury goods, summer has become simply another platform to say something about yourself, lest others get the wrong idea about what you're doing when you're doing nothing. By Warren St. John and Alexandra Wolfe.  WORD-BOMBS (Undated) -- Across the land, word-bombs are falling. In May a New York television reporter who apparently thought he was off the air lit into two men who had intruded on his shot, broadcasting a word-bomb to the five boroughs. This month a card player at the World Series of Poker in Las Vegas made his name by launching a word-bomb across the table early in the tournament. This weekend The Aristocrats, a documentary film about a spectacularly crude joke, opened in New York and Los Angeles, strafing the coasts with 86-minute cluster-word-bomb raids. And all that art, if you want to call it that, reflects life, if you want to call it that. Even the culture's hallowed spaces are no longer bomb-free zones. Baseball players can be seen on television mouthing inaudible bombs in the dugout. The vice president of the United States bombed a colleague on the Senate floor. For cultural Chicken Littles, these are heady days. By Michael Brick.  MODERN-LOVE (Undated) -- I made her a promise that I would stay sober. Two months later, though, I was back with old friends and to my old self. By Kevin Cahillane.  (Editors: Budgets and advisories are internal documents not for publication or redistribution outside of client news organizations. Unauthorized use of budgets and advisories constitutes a violation of our contract terms. All clients receive all budgets, but only full-service clients receive all stories. Please check your level of service to determine which stories you will receive.) </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050729.0274 type=story > <HEADLINE> GE MAY BE READY TO MOVE ON TALKS FOR DREAMWORKS SHARON WAXMAN CONTRIBUTED REPORTING FOR THIS ARTICLE. </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> LOS ANGELES </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200507.gz"
