"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"91763"	"he"	"grouses"	" Despite his apparent anonymity, Vonnegut _ whose term as writer-in-residence ends this month _ has managed to raise a bit of a ruckus on campus. Many schools, including Smith before he arrived, he grouses, ``have a most incomplete collection of my wonderful work.'' The author has since done his best to fill the gaps. Over the past year, he has spontaneously presented librarians with specially bound books, refusing to fill out the typical paperwork and declaring, ``I'm Kurt Vonnegut and this is a book by Kurt Vonnegut.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
"91849"	"he"	"grouses"	" Rhodes isn't kidding that the staff takes them home. She's adopted 13 herself. ``Seven cats and six dogs,'' she said. ``I live in the country.'' </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010508.0424 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-PHOTO-UPDATE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> ATTENTION EDITORS:  The following photos have been sent as part of tonight's New York Times Photo Package, moving Tuesday, 05/08/01.  Photo clients will automatically receive these photos via AP's PhotoExpress or may download them from either the Wieck Photo Database in Dallas at 972-392-0888 or from NYTPhotos on Newscom at 305-448-8411. Non-clients can make individual purchases by calling (212) 556-4204 or (888) 603-1036 between noon and 10 p.m. EDT.  (NYT25) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NYU-PRESIDENT-EDUC -- John E. Sexton, right, will succeed L. Jay Oliva, who has been president of New York University for 10 years, next May. Sexton recently completed a seven-year, $185 million capital campaign for the law school. (Justin Lane/The New York Times)  (NYT24) HERINGTON, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE-3 -- In the months before April 19, 1995, Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Barbara Mastin was mayor of Herington, Kan., at the time of the bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT23) ROME -- May 8, 2001 -- ITALY-POLITICS-2 -- A rightist ally of Silvio Berlusconi is Pino Rauti, leader of the neo-Fascist Fiamma Tricolore. Berlusconi, a media tycoon, has formed an unusual alliance in his campaign for prime minister. (James Hill/The New York Times)  (NYT22) ROME -- May 8, 2001 -- ITALY-POLITICS -- A left-wing poster depicts Umberto Bossi, a leader of Italy's right wing, in the middle of Silvio Berlusconi's head. It reads, ``Berlusconi's program conceals a surprise.'' (James Hill/The New York Times)  (NYT21) AMHEARST, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- CAMPUS-COFFEE-BAN -- Amhearst College student Andrew Epstein, 22, conceived the Day of No Joe as a final project for his art class on social sculpture, to draw attention to what he regards as the hypocrisy of drug laws. Students at Amherst College were confronted Tuesday by the stark absence of coffee in the campus center. (George Ruhe/The New York Times)  (NYT20) HERINGTON, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE-2 -- In the months before April 19, 1995, Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Jim Jones, a contractor in Herington, Kan., works near a storage unit Timothy J. McVeigh rented. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT19) OGDEN, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE -- In the months before April 19, 1995, McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Patrick Livingston holding a .45-caliber Glock pistol like the ones he sold to Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols at his store in Ogden, Kan. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT18) UNDATED -- May 8, 2001 -- RESTAURANTS-CHEESE -- New York has a sudden mania for anything aged and moldy. As recently as five years ago, most restaurants - even traditional French ones - did not have cheese courses at all. Real estate was too precious, the need to turn tables too great, to allow diners to sit another 45 minutes savoring their savory. Now, it's hard to find a place that doesn't. Some examples of cheese courses. (Michael Rogol/The New York Times)  (NYT17) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-THARP-CHURCH-2 -- In a setback for a budding arts enclave in Brooklyn, the choreographer Twyla Tharp has abruptly backed out of a plan to open her first permanent dance studio in a Civil War-era church a few blocks from the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Workmen were in the midst of renovating the cavernous Gothic-style Sunday school hall inside the Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church in Fort Greene late last week when Tharp revealed her decision to the project's patron, the Brooklyn Academy of Music Local Development Corp. Tharp rehearsing American Ballet Theater dancers last year. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times)  (NYT16) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-THARP-CHURCH -- In a setback for a budding arts enclave in Brooklyn, the choreographer Twyla Tharp has abruptly backed out of a plan to open her first permanent dance studio in a Civil War-era church a few blocks from the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Workmen were in the midst of renovating the cavernous Gothic-style Sunday school hall inside the Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church in Fort Greene late last week when Tharp revealed her decision to the project's patron, the Brooklyn Academy of Music Local Development Corp. Tharp toured the church in January. (Suzanne DeChillo/The New York Times)  (NYT15) UNDATED -- May 8, 2001 -- LATIN-AMERICAN-FILMS-2 -- Filmmaking has gone through steep ups and downs in Latin America, cycles often tied to economic and government upheavals, film industry experts say, but the trend now is up, in production, film quality and popular appeal. A scene from Fabian Bielinsky's film ``Nine Queens'' shot in Buenos Aires, Argentina. (The New York Times)  (NYT14) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- LATIN-AMERICAN-FILMS-1 -- Filmmaking has gone through steep ups and downs in Latin America, cycles often tied to economic and government upheavals, film industry experts say, but the trend now is up, in production, film quality and popular appeal. Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky, center, at the Museum of Modern Art after his film ``Nine Queens,'' was shown there. (Steve Hart/The New York Times)  (NYT13) WEST BEND, WI -- May 8, 2001 -- GEHL-MARKETPLACE -- Ghel Corp. is in a corporate game of chicken, and is trying to avoid an increasingly vicious takeover fight from CIC Equity Partners and Newcastle Partners. William D. Gehl, the chairman and chief executive of Gehl Corp. (John Saller/The New York Times)  (NYT12) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX-3 -- Charles Ogletree restrains his crying wife Kim Ogletree as Division of Family and Children Services officials took their children into custody Tuesday morning. The Ogletree's are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT11) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX-2 -- Division of Family and Children Services officials carry Claudia Ogletree, 2, to a van as she is taken into custody from her family's Atlanta home Tuesday morning. Claudia's family are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT10) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX -- Quinton Frazier, 12, is held down by Atlanta police as Division of Family and Children Services officials take him into custody from his family's Atlanta home, Tuesday. The family are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT9) MOSCOW -- May 8, 2001 -- RUSSIA-ARMY-COX -- Despite Russia's honored military tradition, young men today look upon their service not as a chance to defend their nation, but as a grueling rite of passage. In fact, life in the armed forces is so tough that majority of young Russians clamber to avoid it.''I'm not afraid of nothing, nothing,'' says 19-year-old Valentin Ivanov, flanked by his parents and sister on the morning of his induction into the Russian armed forces. (Craig Nelson/Cox News Service)  (NYT8) ORANGEBURG, N.Y. -- May 8, 2001 -- FIRING-ARBITRATION -- Workplace arbitration has been around for years, but has become controversial of late as more employers require workers to agree to use it to settle all disputes. Suzanne and Ira Stitz of Orangeburg, N.Y., who own an insurance brokerage firm, were part of a long and costly arbitration dispute. If nothing else, their misadventure is a cautionary tale of the risks that lurk in those innocuous-looking arbitration agreements employees are asked to sign. (Richard L. Harbus/The New York Times)  (NYT7) SAN FRANCISCO -- May 8, 2001 -- TRAFFIC-CONGESTION -- The drivers of the South and West, squirming ever longer in their upholstered commutes to work, can take perverse pleasure in a validation of their suffering. Just as they have always suspected, they have it worse -- much worse -- than the 8 million residents of New York City. Morning traffic Tuesday on the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge. (Peter DaSilva/The New York Times) MAGS OUT---NO SALES  (NYT6) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-APOLLO-THEATER -- Since the 1930s the Apollo Theater in Harlem has been known for its variety shows, with acts like the tap-dancing Nicholas Brothers, the comedian Redd Foxx and the jazz singer Ruth Brown, and the weekly amateur nights. Now, as the Apollo starts a $6 million renovation, the theater is planning to install a production with an open-ended run. The theater is to announce Wednesday that a new revue, ``Harlem Song,'' is in the works, celebrating the history of Harlem since the 1920s through song, dance, dialogue, photographs and film. Some of those involved in the project include from left, David D. Rodriguez, Derek Q. Johnson, George C. Wolfe and John Schreiber. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)  (NYT5) BURLINGTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- TECH-VESTED-BOS -- Compared to other Russian industries like energy or agriculture, software companies operate more like Western businesses on such matters as contracts and disclosing their ownership. Despite all of Moscow's brainpower, five-year-old Vested Development Inc., is still struggling to prove it can compete against larger custom-software suppliers. Vested's chief executive Brian Phelps, an American, says Western officials need to have patience while investors like themselves build out the sector. Phelps in Burlington, Mass. (Dominic Chavez/The Boston Globe)  (NYT4) NORTHAMPTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- VONNEGUT-DRIFTING-BOS -- Kurt Vonnegut, 78, novelist is whiling away his time at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., teaching undergraduates not yet born when his novels, plays, and short stories began setting the standard for skewering authority and mocking the self-important. Despite his apparent anonymity, Vonnegut -- whose term as writer-in-residence ends this month -- has managed to raise a bit of a ruckus on campus. Many schools, including Smith before he arrived, he grouses, ``have a most incomplete collection of my wonderful work.'' Vonnegut at home in Northampton, Mass. (Janet Knott/The Boston Globe)  (NYT3) NORTHAMPTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- VONNEGUT-DRIFTING-BOS -- Kurt Vonnegut, 78, novelist is whiling away his time at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., teaching undergraduates not yet born when his novels, plays, and short stories began setting the standard for skewering authority and mocking the self-important. Despite his apparent anonymity, Vonnegut -- whose term as writer-in-residence ends this month -- has managed to raise a bit of a ruckus on campus. Many schools, including Smith before he arrived, he grouses, ``have a most incomplete collection of my wonderful work.'' Vonnegut on campus. (Janet Knott/The Boston Globe)  (NYT2) MAALE ADUMIM, West Bank -- May 8, 2001 -- ISRAEL-SHARON-2 -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused Palestinian militants of purposely endangering children, as a 4-month-old girl killed by Israeli return fire was buried amid anguish in Gaza. With fears of an escalation mounting, Sharon angrily rejected demands for a building freeze in Jewish settlements. Sharon listens to a question from a Jewish settler during a visit to the settlement of Maale Adumim on the West Bank, Tuesday. (Rina Castelnuovo/The New York Times)  (NYT1) MAALE ADUMIM, West Bank -- May 8, 2001 -- ISRAEL-SHARON -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused Palestinian militants of purposely endangering children, as a 4-month-old girl killed by Israeli return fire was buried amid anguish in Gaza. With fears of an escalation mounting, Sharon angrily rejected demands for a building freeze in Jewish settlements. Sharon greets children waving Israeli flags during his visit of the Jewish settlement of Maale Adumim, Tuesday. (Rina Castelnuovo/The New York Times) LITE  The New York Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010508.0425 type=story > <HEADLINE> KEY HOUSE MEMBERS THREATEN TO HOLD BACK DUES FOR U.N. </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> WASHINGTON (BC-U.S.-U.N.-2TAKES-(TRIM)-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
"91850"	"he"	"grouses"	" Story Filed By Cox Newspapers </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010508.0429 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-PHOTO-UPDATE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> ATTENTION EDITORS:  The following photos have been sent as part of tonight's New York Times Photo Package, moving Tuesday, 05/08/01.  Photo clients will automatically receive these photos via AP's PhotoExpress or may download them from either the Wieck Photo Database in Dallas at 972-392-0888 or from NYTPhotos on Newscom at 305-448-8411. Non-clients can make individual purchases by calling (212) 556-4204 or (888) 603-1036 between noon and 10 p.m. EDT.  (NYT25) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NYU-PRESIDENT-EDUC -- John E. Sexton, right, will succeed L. Jay Oliva, who has been president of New York University for 10 years, next May. Sexton recently completed a seven-year, $185 million capital campaign for the law school. (Justin Lane/The New York Times)  (NYT24) HERINGTON, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE-3 -- In the months before April 19, 1995, Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Barbara Mastin was mayor of Herington, Kan., at the time of the bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT23) ROME -- May 8, 2001 -- ITALY-POLITICS-2 -- A rightist ally of Silvio Berlusconi is Pino Rauti, leader of the neo-Fascist Fiamma Tricolore. Berlusconi, a media tycoon, has formed an unusual alliance in his campaign for prime minister. (James Hill/The New York Times)  (NYT22) ROME -- May 8, 2001 -- ITALY-POLITICS -- A left-wing poster depicts Umberto Bossi, a leader of Italy's right wing, in the middle of Silvio Berlusconi's head. It reads, ``Berlusconi's program conceals a surprise.'' (James Hill/The New York Times)  (NYT21) AMHEARST, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- CAMPUS-COFFEE-BAN -- Amhearst College student Andrew Epstein, 22, conceived the Day of No Joe as a final project for his art class on social sculpture, to draw attention to what he regards as the hypocrisy of drug laws. Students at Amherst College were confronted Tuesday by the stark absence of coffee in the campus center. (George Ruhe/The New York Times)  (NYT20) HERINGTON, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE-2 -- In the months before April 19, 1995, Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Jim Jones, a contractor in Herington, Kan., works near a storage unit Timothy J. McVeigh rented. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT19) OGDEN, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE -- In the months before April 19, 1995, McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Patrick Livingston holding a .45-caliber Glock pistol like the ones he sold to Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols at his store in Ogden, Kan. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT18) UNDATED -- May 8, 2001 -- RESTAURANTS-CHEESE -- New York has a sudden mania for anything aged and moldy. As recently as five years ago, most restaurants - even traditional French ones - did not have cheese courses at all. Real estate was too precious, the need to turn tables too great, to allow diners to sit another 45 minutes savoring their savory. Now, it's hard to find a place that doesn't. Some examples of cheese courses. (Michael Rogol/The New York Times)  (NYT17) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-THARP-CHURCH-2 -- In a setback for a budding arts enclave in Brooklyn, the choreographer Twyla Tharp has abruptly backed out of a plan to open her first permanent dance studio in a Civil War-era church a few blocks from the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Workmen were in the midst of renovating the cavernous Gothic-style Sunday school hall inside the Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church in Fort Greene late last week when Tharp revealed her decision to the project's patron, the Brooklyn Academy of Music Local Development Corp. Tharp rehearsing American Ballet Theater dancers last year. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times)  (NYT16) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-THARP-CHURCH -- In a setback for a budding arts enclave in Brooklyn, the choreographer Twyla Tharp has abruptly backed out of a plan to open her first permanent dance studio in a Civil War-era church a few blocks from the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Workmen were in the midst of renovating the cavernous Gothic-style Sunday school hall inside the Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church in Fort Greene late last week when Tharp revealed her decision to the project's patron, the Brooklyn Academy of Music Local Development Corp. Tharp toured the church in January. (Suzanne DeChillo/The New York Times)  (NYT15) UNDATED -- May 8, 2001 -- LATIN-AMERICAN-FILMS-2 -- Filmmaking has gone through steep ups and downs in Latin America, cycles often tied to economic and government upheavals, film industry experts say, but the trend now is up, in production, film quality and popular appeal. A scene from Fabian Bielinsky's film ``Nine Queens'' shot in Buenos Aires, Argentina. (The New York Times)  (NYT14) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- LATIN-AMERICAN-FILMS-1 -- Filmmaking has gone through steep ups and downs in Latin America, cycles often tied to economic and government upheavals, film industry experts say, but the trend now is up, in production, film quality and popular appeal. Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky, center, at the Museum of Modern Art after his film ``Nine Queens,'' was shown there. (Steve Hart/The New York Times)  (NYT13) WEST BEND, WI -- May 8, 2001 -- GEHL-MARKETPLACE -- Ghel Corp. is in a corporate game of chicken, and is trying to avoid an increasingly vicious takeover fight from CIC Equity Partners and Newcastle Partners. William D. Gehl, the chairman and chief executive of Gehl Corp. (John Saller/The New York Times)  (NYT12) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX-3 -- Charles Ogletree restrains his crying wife Kim Ogletree as Division of Family and Children Services officials took their children into custody Tuesday morning. The Ogletree's are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT11) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX-2 -- Division of Family and Children Services officials carry Claudia Ogletree, 2, to a van as she is taken into custody from her family's Atlanta home Tuesday morning. Claudia's family are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT10) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX -- Quinton Frazier, 12, is held down by Atlanta police as Division of Family and Children Services officials take him into custody from his family's Atlanta home, Tuesday. The family are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT9) MOSCOW -- May 8, 2001 -- RUSSIA-ARMY-COX -- Despite Russia's honored military tradition, young men today look upon their service not as a chance to defend their nation, but as a grueling rite of passage. In fact, life in the armed forces is so tough that majority of young Russians clamber to avoid it.''I'm not afraid of nothing, nothing,'' says 19-year-old Valentin Ivanov, flanked by his parents and sister on the morning of his induction into the Russian armed forces. (Craig Nelson/Cox News Service)  (NYT8) ORANGEBURG, N.Y. -- May 8, 2001 -- FIRING-ARBITRATION -- Workplace arbitration has been around for years, but has become controversial of late as more employers require workers to agree to use it to settle all disputes. Suzanne and Ira Stitz of Orangeburg, N.Y., who own an insurance brokerage firm, were part of a long and costly arbitration dispute. If nothing else, their misadventure is a cautionary tale of the risks that lurk in those innocuous-looking arbitration agreements employees are asked to sign. (Richard L. Harbus/The New York Times)  (NYT7) SAN FRANCISCO -- May 8, 2001 -- TRAFFIC-CONGESTION -- The drivers of the South and West, squirming ever longer in their upholstered commutes to work, can take perverse pleasure in a validation of their suffering. Just as they have always suspected, they have it worse -- much worse -- than the 8 million residents of New York City. Morning traffic Tuesday on the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge. (Peter DaSilva/The New York Times) MAGS OUT---NO SALES  (NYT6) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-APOLLO-THEATER -- Since the 1930s the Apollo Theater in Harlem has been known for its variety shows, with acts like the tap-dancing Nicholas Brothers, the comedian Redd Foxx and the jazz singer Ruth Brown, and the weekly amateur nights. Now, as the Apollo starts a $6 million renovation, the theater is planning to install a production with an open-ended run. The theater is to announce Wednesday that a new revue, ``Harlem Song,'' is in the works, celebrating the history of Harlem since the 1920s through song, dance, dialogue, photographs and film. Some of those involved in the project include from left, David D. Rodriguez, Derek Q. Johnson, George C. Wolfe and John Schreiber. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)  (NYT5) BURLINGTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- TECH-VESTED-BOS -- Compared to other Russian industries like energy or agriculture, software companies operate more like Western businesses on such matters as contracts and disclosing their ownership. Despite all of Moscow's brainpower, five-year-old Vested Development Inc., is still struggling to prove it can compete against larger custom-software suppliers. Vested's chief executive Brian Phelps, an American, says Western officials need to have patience while investors like themselves build out the sector. Phelps in Burlington, Mass. (Dominic Chavez/The Boston Globe)  (NYT4) NORTHAMPTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- VONNEGUT-DRIFTING-BOS -- Kurt Vonnegut, 78, novelist is whiling away his time at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., teaching undergraduates not yet born when his novels, plays, and short stories began setting the standard for skewering authority and mocking the self-important. Despite his apparent anonymity, Vonnegut -- whose term as writer-in-residence ends this month -- has managed to raise a bit of a ruckus on campus. Many schools, including Smith before he arrived, he grouses, ``have a most incomplete collection of my wonderful work.'' Vonnegut at home in Northampton, Mass. (Janet Knott/The Boston Globe)  (NYT3) NORTHAMPTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- VONNEGUT-DRIFTING-BOS -- Kurt Vonnegut, 78, novelist is whiling away his time at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., teaching undergraduates not yet born when his novels, plays, and short stories began setting the standard for skewering authority and mocking the self-important. Despite his apparent anonymity, Vonnegut -- whose term as writer-in-residence ends this month -- has managed to raise a bit of a ruckus on campus. Many schools, including Smith before he arrived, he grouses, ``have a most incomplete collection of my wonderful work.'' Vonnegut on campus. (Janet Knott/The Boston Globe)  (NYT2) MAALE ADUMIM, West Bank -- May 8, 2001 -- ISRAEL-SHARON-2 -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused Palestinian militants of purposely endangering children, as a 4-month-old girl killed by Israeli return fire was buried amid anguish in Gaza. With fears of an escalation mounting, Sharon angrily rejected demands for a building freeze in Jewish settlements. Sharon listens to a question from a Jewish settler during a visit to the settlement of Maale Adumim on the West Bank, Tuesday. (Rina Castelnuovo/The New York Times)  (NYT1) MAALE ADUMIM, West Bank -- May 8, 2001 -- ISRAEL-SHARON -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused Palestinian militants of purposely endangering children, as a 4-month-old girl killed by Israeli return fire was buried amid anguish in Gaza. With fears of an escalation mounting, Sharon angrily rejected demands for a building freeze in Jewish settlements. Sharon greets children waving Israeli flags during his visit of the Jewish settlement of Maale Adumim, Tuesday. (Rina Castelnuovo/The New York Times) LITE  The New York Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010508.0430 type=story > <HEADLINE>     VETERINARY BOARD RAISES QUESTIONS FOR TEXAS ATTORNEY GENERAL </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-VETERINARY EUTHANASIA-HNS) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
"91852"	"he"	"grouses"	" XXX </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010508.0432 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-PHOTO-UPDATE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> ATTENTION EDITORS:  The following photos have been sent as part of tonight's New York Times Photo Package, moving Tuesday, 05/08/01.  Photo clients will automatically receive these photos via AP's PhotoExpress or may download them from either the Wieck Photo Database in Dallas at 972-392-0888 or from NYTPhotos on Newscom at 305-448-8411. Non-clients can make individual purchases by calling (212) 556-4204 or (888) 603-1036 between noon and 10 p.m. EDT.  (NYT25) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NYU-PRESIDENT-EDUC -- John E. Sexton, right, will succeed L. Jay Oliva, who has been president of New York University for 10 years, next May. Sexton recently completed a seven-year, $185 million capital campaign for the law school. (Justin Lane/The New York Times)  (NYT24) HERINGTON, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE-3 -- In the months before April 19, 1995, Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Barbara Mastin was mayor of Herington, Kan., at the time of the bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT23) ROME -- May 8, 2001 -- ITALY-POLITICS-2 -- A rightist ally of Silvio Berlusconi is Pino Rauti, leader of the neo-Fascist Fiamma Tricolore. Berlusconi, a media tycoon, has formed an unusual alliance in his campaign for prime minister. (James Hill/The New York Times)  (NYT22) ROME -- May 8, 2001 -- ITALY-POLITICS -- A left-wing poster depicts Umberto Bossi, a leader of Italy's right wing, in the middle of Silvio Berlusconi's head. It reads, ``Berlusconi's program conceals a surprise.'' (James Hill/The New York Times)  (NYT21) AMHEARST, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- CAMPUS-COFFEE-BAN -- Amhearst College student Andrew Epstein, 22, conceived the Day of No Joe as a final project for his art class on social sculpture, to draw attention to what he regards as the hypocrisy of drug laws. Students at Amherst College were confronted Tuesday by the stark absence of coffee in the campus center. (George Ruhe/The New York Times)  (NYT20) HERINGTON, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE-2 -- In the months before April 19, 1995, Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Jim Jones, a contractor in Herington, Kan., works near a storage unit Timothy J. McVeigh rented. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT19) OGDEN, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE -- In the months before April 19, 1995, McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Patrick Livingston holding a .45-caliber Glock pistol like the ones he sold to Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols at his store in Ogden, Kan. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT18) UNDATED -- May 8, 2001 -- RESTAURANTS-CHEESE -- New York has a sudden mania for anything aged and moldy. As recently as five years ago, most restaurants - even traditional French ones - did not have cheese courses at all. Real estate was too precious, the need to turn tables too great, to allow diners to sit another 45 minutes savoring their savory. Now, it's hard to find a place that doesn't. Some examples of cheese courses. (Michael Rogol/The New York Times)  (NYT17) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-THARP-CHURCH-2 -- In a setback for a budding arts enclave in Brooklyn, the choreographer Twyla Tharp has abruptly backed out of a plan to open her first permanent dance studio in a Civil War-era church a few blocks from the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Workmen were in the midst of renovating the cavernous Gothic-style Sunday school hall inside the Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church in Fort Greene late last week when Tharp revealed her decision to the project's patron, the Brooklyn Academy of Music Local Development Corp. Tharp rehearsing American Ballet Theater dancers last year. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times)  (NYT16) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-THARP-CHURCH -- In a setback for a budding arts enclave in Brooklyn, the choreographer Twyla Tharp has abruptly backed out of a plan to open her first permanent dance studio in a Civil War-era church a few blocks from the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Workmen were in the midst of renovating the cavernous Gothic-style Sunday school hall inside the Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church in Fort Greene late last week when Tharp revealed her decision to the project's patron, the Brooklyn Academy of Music Local Development Corp. Tharp toured the church in January. (Suzanne DeChillo/The New York Times)  (NYT15) UNDATED -- May 8, 2001 -- LATIN-AMERICAN-FILMS-2 -- Filmmaking has gone through steep ups and downs in Latin America, cycles often tied to economic and government upheavals, film industry experts say, but the trend now is up, in production, film quality and popular appeal. A scene from Fabian Bielinsky's film ``Nine Queens'' shot in Buenos Aires, Argentina. (The New York Times)  (NYT14) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- LATIN-AMERICAN-FILMS-1 -- Filmmaking has gone through steep ups and downs in Latin America, cycles often tied to economic and government upheavals, film industry experts say, but the trend now is up, in production, film quality and popular appeal. Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky, center, at the Museum of Modern Art after his film ``Nine Queens,'' was shown there. (Steve Hart/The New York Times)  (NYT13) WEST BEND, WI -- May 8, 2001 -- GEHL-MARKETPLACE -- Ghel Corp. is in a corporate game of chicken, and is trying to avoid an increasingly vicious takeover fight from CIC Equity Partners and Newcastle Partners. William D. Gehl, the chairman and chief executive of Gehl Corp. (John Saller/The New York Times)  (NYT12) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX-3 -- Charles Ogletree restrains his crying wife Kim Ogletree as Division of Family and Children Services officials took their children into custody Tuesday morning. The Ogletree's are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT11) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX-2 -- Division of Family and Children Services officials carry Claudia Ogletree, 2, to a van as she is taken into custody from her family's Atlanta home Tuesday morning. Claudia's family are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT10) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX -- Quinton Frazier, 12, is held down by Atlanta police as Division of Family and Children Services officials take him into custody from his family's Atlanta home, Tuesday. The family are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT9) MOSCOW -- May 8, 2001 -- RUSSIA-ARMY-COX -- Despite Russia's honored military tradition, young men today look upon their service not as a chance to defend their nation, but as a grueling rite of passage. In fact, life in the armed forces is so tough that majority of young Russians clamber to avoid it.''I'm not afraid of nothing, nothing,'' says 19-year-old Valentin Ivanov, flanked by his parents and sister on the morning of his induction into the Russian armed forces. (Craig Nelson/Cox News Service)  (NYT8) ORANGEBURG, N.Y. -- May 8, 2001 -- FIRING-ARBITRATION -- Workplace arbitration has been around for years, but has become controversial of late as more employers require workers to agree to use it to settle all disputes. Suzanne and Ira Stitz of Orangeburg, N.Y., who own an insurance brokerage firm, were part of a long and costly arbitration dispute. If nothing else, their misadventure is a cautionary tale of the risks that lurk in those innocuous-looking arbitration agreements employees are asked to sign. (Richard L. Harbus/The New York Times)  (NYT7) SAN FRANCISCO -- May 8, 2001 -- TRAFFIC-CONGESTION -- The drivers of the South and West, squirming ever longer in their upholstered commutes to work, can take perverse pleasure in a validation of their suffering. Just as they have always suspected, they have it worse -- much worse -- than the 8 million residents of New York City. Morning traffic Tuesday on the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge. (Peter DaSilva/The New York Times) MAGS OUT---NO SALES  (NYT6) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-APOLLO-THEATER -- Since the 1930s the Apollo Theater in Harlem has been known for its variety shows, with acts like the tap-dancing Nicholas Brothers, the comedian Redd Foxx and the jazz singer Ruth Brown, and the weekly amateur nights. Now, as the Apollo starts a $6 million renovation, the theater is planning to install a production with an open-ended run. The theater is to announce Wednesday that a new revue, ``Harlem Song,'' is in the works, celebrating the history of Harlem since the 1920s through song, dance, dialogue, photographs and film. Some of those involved in the project include from left, David D. Rodriguez, Derek Q. Johnson, George C. Wolfe and John Schreiber. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)  (NYT5) BURLINGTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- TECH-VESTED-BOS -- Compared to other Russian industries like energy or agriculture, software companies operate more like Western businesses on such matters as contracts and disclosing their ownership. Despite all of Moscow's brainpower, five-year-old Vested Development Inc., is still struggling to prove it can compete against larger custom-software suppliers. Vested's chief executive Brian Phelps, an American, says Western officials need to have patience while investors like themselves build out the sector. Phelps in Burlington, Mass. (Dominic Chavez/The Boston Globe)  (NYT4) NORTHAMPTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- VONNEGUT-DRIFTING-BOS -- Kurt Vonnegut, 78, novelist is whiling away his time at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., teaching undergraduates not yet born when his novels, plays, and short stories began setting the standard for skewering authority and mocking the self-important. Despite his apparent anonymity, Vonnegut -- whose term as writer-in-residence ends this month -- has managed to raise a bit of a ruckus on campus. Many schools, including Smith before he arrived, he grouses, ``have a most incomplete collection of my wonderful work.'' Vonnegut at home in Northampton, Mass. (Janet Knott/The Boston Globe)  (NYT3) NORTHAMPTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- VONNEGUT-DRIFTING-BOS -- Kurt Vonnegut, 78, novelist is whiling away his time at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., teaching undergraduates not yet born when his novels, plays, and short stories began setting the standard for skewering authority and mocking the self-important. Despite his apparent anonymity, Vonnegut -- whose term as writer-in-residence ends this month -- has managed to raise a bit of a ruckus on campus. Many schools, including Smith before he arrived, he grouses, ``have a most incomplete collection of my wonderful work.'' Vonnegut on campus. (Janet Knott/The Boston Globe)  (NYT2) MAALE ADUMIM, West Bank -- May 8, 2001 -- ISRAEL-SHARON-2 -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused Palestinian militants of purposely endangering children, as a 4-month-old girl killed by Israeli return fire was buried amid anguish in Gaza. With fears of an escalation mounting, Sharon angrily rejected demands for a building freeze in Jewish settlements. Sharon listens to a question from a Jewish settler during a visit to the settlement of Maale Adumim on the West Bank, Tuesday. (Rina Castelnuovo/The New York Times)  (NYT1) MAALE ADUMIM, West Bank -- May 8, 2001 -- ISRAEL-SHARON -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused Palestinian militants of purposely endangering children, as a 4-month-old girl killed by Israeli return fire was buried amid anguish in Gaza. With fears of an escalation mounting, Sharon angrily rejected demands for a building freeze in Jewish settlements. Sharon greets children waving Israeli flags during his visit of the Jewish settlement of Maale Adumim, Tuesday. (Rina Castelnuovo/The New York Times) LITE  The New York Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010508.0433 type=story > <HEADLINE> WGA LEADERS OK PRODUCERS' OFFER </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> LOS ANGELES (BC-WGA-CONTRACT-LADN) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
"91853"	"he"	"grouses"	" XXX </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010508.0434 type=advis > <DATELINE>  (BC-PHOTO-UPDATE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> ATTENTION EDITORS:  The following photos have been sent as part of tonight's New York Times Photo Package, moving Tuesday, 05/08/01.  Photo clients will automatically receive these photos via AP's PhotoExpress or may download them from either the Wieck Photo Database in Dallas at 972-392-0888 or from NYTPhotos on Newscom at 305-448-8411. Non-clients can make individual purchases by calling (212) 556-4204 or (888) 603-1036 between noon and 10 p.m. EDT.  (NYT25) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NYU-PRESIDENT-EDUC -- John E. Sexton, right, will succeed L. Jay Oliva, who has been president of New York University for 10 years, next May. Sexton recently completed a seven-year, $185 million capital campaign for the law school. (Justin Lane/The New York Times)  (NYT24) HERINGTON, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE-3 -- In the months before April 19, 1995, Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Barbara Mastin was mayor of Herington, Kan., at the time of the bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City on April 19, 1995. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT23) ROME -- May 8, 2001 -- ITALY-POLITICS-2 -- A rightist ally of Silvio Berlusconi is Pino Rauti, leader of the neo-Fascist Fiamma Tricolore. Berlusconi, a media tycoon, has formed an unusual alliance in his campaign for prime minister. (James Hill/The New York Times)  (NYT22) ROME -- May 8, 2001 -- ITALY-POLITICS -- A left-wing poster depicts Umberto Bossi, a leader of Italy's right wing, in the middle of Silvio Berlusconi's head. It reads, ``Berlusconi's program conceals a surprise.'' (James Hill/The New York Times)  (NYT21) AMHEARST, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- CAMPUS-COFFEE-BAN -- Amhearst College student Andrew Epstein, 22, conceived the Day of No Joe as a final project for his art class on social sculpture, to draw attention to what he regards as the hypocrisy of drug laws. Students at Amherst College were confronted Tuesday by the stark absence of coffee in the campus center. (George Ruhe/The New York Times)  (NYT20) HERINGTON, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE-2 -- In the months before April 19, 1995, Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Jim Jones, a contractor in Herington, Kan., works near a storage unit Timothy J. McVeigh rented. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT19) OGDEN, Kan. -- May 8, 2001 -- MCVEIGH-ROUTE -- In the months before April 19, 1995, McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols spent a lot of time in east-central Kansas, preparing a two-ton bomb. Nichols has been locked up for life, and McVeigh is scheduled to be executed on May 16. But many people who live along the route that the two men took to infamy still feel like accidental accomplices. Patrick Livingston holding a .45-caliber Glock pistol like the ones he sold to Timothy J. McVeigh and Terry L. Nichols at his store in Ogden, Kan. (Don Ipock/The New York Times)  (NYT18) UNDATED -- May 8, 2001 -- RESTAURANTS-CHEESE -- New York has a sudden mania for anything aged and moldy. As recently as five years ago, most restaurants - even traditional French ones - did not have cheese courses at all. Real estate was too precious, the need to turn tables too great, to allow diners to sit another 45 minutes savoring their savory. Now, it's hard to find a place that doesn't. Some examples of cheese courses. (Michael Rogol/The New York Times)  (NYT17) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-THARP-CHURCH-2 -- In a setback for a budding arts enclave in Brooklyn, the choreographer Twyla Tharp has abruptly backed out of a plan to open her first permanent dance studio in a Civil War-era church a few blocks from the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Workmen were in the midst of renovating the cavernous Gothic-style Sunday school hall inside the Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church in Fort Greene late last week when Tharp revealed her decision to the project's patron, the Brooklyn Academy of Music Local Development Corp. Tharp rehearsing American Ballet Theater dancers last year. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times)  (NYT16) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-THARP-CHURCH -- In a setback for a budding arts enclave in Brooklyn, the choreographer Twyla Tharp has abruptly backed out of a plan to open her first permanent dance studio in a Civil War-era church a few blocks from the Brooklyn Academy of Music. Workmen were in the midst of renovating the cavernous Gothic-style Sunday school hall inside the Lafayette Avenue Presbyterian Church in Fort Greene late last week when Tharp revealed her decision to the project's patron, the Brooklyn Academy of Music Local Development Corp. Tharp toured the church in January. (Suzanne DeChillo/The New York Times)  (NYT15) UNDATED -- May 8, 2001 -- LATIN-AMERICAN-FILMS-2 -- Filmmaking has gone through steep ups and downs in Latin America, cycles often tied to economic and government upheavals, film industry experts say, but the trend now is up, in production, film quality and popular appeal. A scene from Fabian Bielinsky's film ``Nine Queens'' shot in Buenos Aires, Argentina. (The New York Times)  (NYT14) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- LATIN-AMERICAN-FILMS-1 -- Filmmaking has gone through steep ups and downs in Latin America, cycles often tied to economic and government upheavals, film industry experts say, but the trend now is up, in production, film quality and popular appeal. Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky, center, at the Museum of Modern Art after his film ``Nine Queens,'' was shown there. (Steve Hart/The New York Times)  (NYT13) WEST BEND, WI -- May 8, 2001 -- GEHL-MARKETPLACE -- Ghel Corp. is in a corporate game of chicken, and is trying to avoid an increasingly vicious takeover fight from CIC Equity Partners and Newcastle Partners. William D. Gehl, the chairman and chief executive of Gehl Corp. (John Saller/The New York Times)  (NYT12) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX-3 -- Charles Ogletree restrains his crying wife Kim Ogletree as Division of Family and Children Services officials took their children into custody Tuesday morning. The Ogletree's are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT11) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX-2 -- Division of Family and Children Services officials carry Claudia Ogletree, 2, to a van as she is taken into custody from her family's Atlanta home Tuesday morning. Claudia's family are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT10) ATLANTA -- May 8, 2001 -- CHURCH-WHIPPINGS-COX -- Quinton Frazier, 12, is held down by Atlanta police as Division of Family and Children Services officials take him into custody from his family's Atlanta home, Tuesday. The family are members of the controversial House of Prayer in northwest Atlanta. As an investigation of systematic abuse continues at the House of Prayer, the spotlight mostly has fallen on the charismatic pastor, the Rev. Arthur Allen Jr. and his advocacy of corporal punishment during church services, approval of marriages for girls as young as 14, and his control over most aspects of the lives of his congregation's 130 members. (Kimberly Smith/Atlanta Journal-Constitution)  (NYT9) MOSCOW -- May 8, 2001 -- RUSSIA-ARMY-COX -- Despite Russia's honored military tradition, young men today look upon their service not as a chance to defend their nation, but as a grueling rite of passage. In fact, life in the armed forces is so tough that majority of young Russians clamber to avoid it.''I'm not afraid of nothing, nothing,'' says 19-year-old Valentin Ivanov, flanked by his parents and sister on the morning of his induction into the Russian armed forces. (Craig Nelson/Cox News Service)  (NYT8) ORANGEBURG, N.Y. -- May 8, 2001 -- FIRING-ARBITRATION -- Workplace arbitration has been around for years, but has become controversial of late as more employers require workers to agree to use it to settle all disputes. Suzanne and Ira Stitz of Orangeburg, N.Y., who own an insurance brokerage firm, were part of a long and costly arbitration dispute. If nothing else, their misadventure is a cautionary tale of the risks that lurk in those innocuous-looking arbitration agreements employees are asked to sign. (Richard L. Harbus/The New York Times)  (NYT7) SAN FRANCISCO -- May 8, 2001 -- TRAFFIC-CONGESTION -- The drivers of the South and West, squirming ever longer in their upholstered commutes to work, can take perverse pleasure in a validation of their suffering. Just as they have always suspected, they have it worse -- much worse -- than the 8 million residents of New York City. Morning traffic Tuesday on the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge. (Peter DaSilva/The New York Times) MAGS OUT---NO SALES  (NYT6) NEW YORK -- May 8, 2001 -- NY-APOLLO-THEATER -- Since the 1930s the Apollo Theater in Harlem has been known for its variety shows, with acts like the tap-dancing Nicholas Brothers, the comedian Redd Foxx and the jazz singer Ruth Brown, and the weekly amateur nights. Now, as the Apollo starts a $6 million renovation, the theater is planning to install a production with an open-ended run. The theater is to announce Wednesday that a new revue, ``Harlem Song,'' is in the works, celebrating the history of Harlem since the 1920s through song, dance, dialogue, photographs and film. Some of those involved in the project include from left, David D. Rodriguez, Derek Q. Johnson, George C. Wolfe and John Schreiber. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)  (NYT5) BURLINGTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- TECH-VESTED-BOS -- Compared to other Russian industries like energy or agriculture, software companies operate more like Western businesses on such matters as contracts and disclosing their ownership. Despite all of Moscow's brainpower, five-year-old Vested Development Inc., is still struggling to prove it can compete against larger custom-software suppliers. Vested's chief executive Brian Phelps, an American, says Western officials need to have patience while investors like themselves build out the sector. Phelps in Burlington, Mass. (Dominic Chavez/The Boston Globe)  (NYT4) NORTHAMPTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- VONNEGUT-DRIFTING-BOS -- Kurt Vonnegut, 78, novelist is whiling away his time at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., teaching undergraduates not yet born when his novels, plays, and short stories began setting the standard for skewering authority and mocking the self-important. Despite his apparent anonymity, Vonnegut -- whose term as writer-in-residence ends this month -- has managed to raise a bit of a ruckus on campus. Many schools, including Smith before he arrived, he grouses, ``have a most incomplete collection of my wonderful work.'' Vonnegut at home in Northampton, Mass. (Janet Knott/The Boston Globe)  (NYT3) NORTHAMPTON, Mass. -- May 8, 2001 -- VONNEGUT-DRIFTING-BOS -- Kurt Vonnegut, 78, novelist is whiling away his time at Smith College in Northampton, Mass., teaching undergraduates not yet born when his novels, plays, and short stories began setting the standard for skewering authority and mocking the self-important. Despite his apparent anonymity, Vonnegut -- whose term as writer-in-residence ends this month -- has managed to raise a bit of a ruckus on campus. Many schools, including Smith before he arrived, he grouses, ``have a most incomplete collection of my wonderful work.'' Vonnegut on campus. (Janet Knott/The Boston Globe)  (NYT2) MAALE ADUMIM, West Bank -- May 8, 2001 -- ISRAEL-SHARON-2 -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused Palestinian militants of purposely endangering children, as a 4-month-old girl killed by Israeli return fire was buried amid anguish in Gaza. With fears of an escalation mounting, Sharon angrily rejected demands for a building freeze in Jewish settlements. Sharon listens to a question from a Jewish settler during a visit to the settlement of Maale Adumim on the West Bank, Tuesday. (Rina Castelnuovo/The New York Times)  (NYT1) MAALE ADUMIM, West Bank -- May 8, 2001 -- ISRAEL-SHARON -- Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accused Palestinian militants of purposely endangering children, as a 4-month-old girl killed by Israeli return fire was buried amid anguish in Gaza. With fears of an escalation mounting, Sharon angrily rejected demands for a building freeze in Jewish settlements. Sharon greets children waving Israeli flags during his visit of the Jewish settlement of Maale Adumim, Tuesday. (Rina Castelnuovo/The New York Times) LITE  The New York Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010508.0435 type=story > <HEADLINE> DEFENSE LAWYERS IN TERRORISM TRIAL FOCUS ON CLIENTS' STATEMENTS </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> NEW YORK (BC-NY-TERROR-TRIAL-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
