"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"196"	"I"	"hear"	" ``You're not going to get rich, but you can do all right, I hear,'' said Purchase, who hopes to tend chickens during the day and sell mutual funds and insurance in the evening. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199407.gz"
"9965"	"I"	"hear"	" In any event, that's what happened. A conspiracy it was not. It is not even a boondoggle. Meanwhile, the auction itself started this week and could mean $10 billion for the federal Treasury over the next few years -- more, I hear, than has been raised by selling off-shore oil-drilling rights for the last 50 years. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199412.gz"
"12259"	"I"	"hear"	" When the San Francisco 49ers travel, I hear, people come up to them in lobbies and ask, ``Wow, do you guys really know Emmitt Smith?'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_199501.gz"
"15464"	"I"	"hear"	" ``Brain dead, I hear,'' Ms. Williams said. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199502.gz"
"18141"	"we"	"hear"	" Jack Nicholson's agent, we hear, is in town and frantically shopping up a storm. Last weekend, a ticketless Nicholson badly wanted to see the UCLA-UConn game at the Oakland Coliseum. He managed to con his way in and was ushered to some press seats behind the UCLA bench. It went over as big as his movie ``Man Trouble.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_199503.gz"
"21031"	"I"	"hear"	" Still, quality work is not done quickly. The day after she hired him the truck wouldn't start and the next day it looked a bit too much like rain and the next day was a Friday in April, which he reserves for fishing. Then it was Saturday and he has a rule against working on weekends. Mondays, I hear, he has an awful time getting up, especially after three days off. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199505.gz"
"25375"	"we"	"hear"	" There are no plans to go after the consumer market, although the features of Dial Call's digital network are almost identical to personal communications services. Personal communications services will offer consumers digital telephones that will cost less to operate than traditional cellular. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950616.0091 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(5takes)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> CAPSULE REVIEWS OF CURRENT FILMS c.1995 Cox News Service  These brief reviews of current movies are written by Cox News Service movie critic Eleanor Ringel, unless otherwise noted. They move weekly to clients of the New York Times News Service.  G: General audiences. Nothing that would offend parents if viewed by children.  PG: Parental guidance suggested. May contain some material parents consider inappropriate for young children.  PG-13: Parents strongly cautioned. Some material may be inappropriate for preteens.  R: Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian. Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.  NC-17: No one under 17 admitted. Replaces the X rating.  NR: Not rated.  Amateur R  Indie filmmaker Hal Hartley (``Trust,'' ``Simple Men'') lends his deadpan style to the story of a former nun turned erotica writer (Isabelle Huppert) who crosses paths with an amnesiac criminal (Martin Donovan) and an unhappy porn star (Elina Lowensohn). This one probably won't make Bob Dole's list of ``family friendly'' films.  Bad Boys R  Martin Lawrence pulls off some funny riffs and Will Smith hangs cool and shows off his pecs in this slick, soulless cop/buddy picture. Rated R for language, violence, sexual situations and innuendo. _ Steve Murray  Batman Forever PG-13  Joel Schumacher took the reins from Tim Burton, who directed Batman I and II, and Val Kilmer took the cowl from Michael Keaton for this reportedly flashier, splashier and more kid-oriented sequel. ``Forever'' pits the caped crusader against villains Two-Face (Tommy Lee Jones) and the Riddler (Jim Carrey), but this time out, zealous sidekick Robin (Chris O'Donnell) is along for backup.  The Brady Bunch Movie PG-13  Stick with the reruns. To their credit, the cast of look-alikes _ headed by Shelley Long and Gary Cole as Carol and Mike, Christine Taylor as Marcia, Christopher Daniel Barnes as Greg and Jennifer Elise Cox as Jan _ play it straight and true. But what does it take to parody something that was pretty pathetic in its original form? Rated PG-13 for language and mild adult themes.  Braveheart R  As did ``Spartacus'' and ``Dances With Wolves,'' Mel Gibson's tumultuously entertaining epic extols such old-fashioned virtues as honor, freedom, principle, loyalty and romantic love. Gibson, who also directed, plays William Wallace, a bonnie 13th-century Scotsman who gave the English hell for the hash they tried to make out of his homeland. Rated R for brief nudity and extreme violence.  The Bridges of Madison County PG-13  Probably the only thing wrong with Clint Eastwood's radiantly romantic movie is Robert James Waller's relentlessly excessive book. And even then, it's no contest. Director/star Eastwood (as the National Geographic photographer) and co-star Meryl Streep (as the unfulfilled farm wife) perform alchemy here; while adhering to whatever it was in Waller's best seller that sold all those copies, they've transformed the material into something far, far better. Rated PG-13 for sexual and adult themes.  Burnt by the Sun R  The sunny pleasures of a Chekhovian weekend in the country _ at the home of Colonel Kotov, a hero of the Revolution _ collide head-on with the shadowy realities of the Stalinist purges in this Oscar-winning Russian film set in 1936. Things turn dark when an unexpected guest turns up _ Mitya (Oleg Menchikov), the former lover of the Colonel's wife, who's been mysteriously gone for a decade. The movie moves inexorably to a wrenching finale, is made all the more powerful by the frivolity and often out-and-out comedy that precede it. A superb mix of silliness and substance, the droll and the dreadful, ``Burnt by the Sun'' has the disruptive impact of interrupted lives. Rated R for violence and adult themes.  Candyman: Farewell  to the Flesh R  In the first, elegantly sinister film, Candy man, that hook-handed fiend played by Tony Todd, caused havoc in Chicago's Cabrini Green housing project. This time, he's skewering folk in N'Orleans. The sequel expands Candyman's history (a freeman murdered by racists in the 19th century), but the flashbacks expose the metaphorical vagueness of Clive Barker's creation _ he's a monster with few rules and too broad an appetite. And Todd acts with a reserve that borders on the embalmed. Rated R for violence and language.  Casper PG  Casper is a mere ghost of his former self in this overblown, incoherent merchandising vehicle trying to pass itself off as a feature film. Ghost ``therapist'' Bill Pullman and daughter Christina Ricci move into a haunted house where they come face-to-face with some exceedingly active ectoplasm, i.e., the friendliest ghost you know and his trio of rascally uncles. Rated  PG for language and mild violence. . .  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950616.0092 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(2ndtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  Crimson Tide R  Subbing chaos for suspense, this submarine thriller fabricates a neo-Cold War scenario to justify its Dolby-loud bangs. Chechen rebels have seized Soviet nuclear subs and started a standoff with the United States. USS Alabama Captain Frank Ramsey (Gene Hackman) and Lieutenant Commander Ron Hunter (Denzel Washington) lock horns over an incomplete order from the Pentagon regarding a pre-emptive nuclear strike. Because it's a submarine movie, we get leaks and torpedoes, plus a fire, a heart attack and a feisty Jack Russell terrier. But it's hard to care what happens, as director Tony Scott (``Top Gun'') seems more interested in his hardware than his humans. Rated R for violence and language.  Die Hard With a Vengeance R  The original still reigns supreme, but this third installment gets the job done. And then some. Once again, Bruce Willis is folded, spindled and mutilated as tough New York cop John McClane. His nemesis is a maliciously playful riddler (a buffed-up, close-cropped Jeremy Irons) who's blowing up buildings around Manhattan. Samuel L. Jackson plays a good Samaritan civilian who gets stuck as McClane's unwilling partner. Rated R for violence and language.  Don Juan DeMarco PG-13  This romantic whimsy is too simplistic and gutless to be worthy of its complex and courageous stars, Marlon Brando and Johnny Depp. Depp plays a dashing gallant who believes he is the Don Juan, seducer of a thousand women. Brando is his shrink, 10 days away from retirement, yet not so sure that Depp's fantasies are that easy to dismiss. The movie wants us to see it as a daring celebration of passion and romanticism. But it's actually a pleasant flirtation, nothing more. Rated PG-13 for sexual situations.  Drop Zone R  Ever-evolving action hero Wesley Snipes takes on skydiving in an adventure that never leaves you hanging, and lets him appear more charismatically vulnerable. Directed by John Badham. Rated R for profanity and violence.  Dumb and Dumber PG-13  The final entry in Jim Carrey's Doofus Trilogy '94, after hits ``Ace Ventura: Pet Detective'' and ``The Mask.'' Easily the most lowbrow ridiculous of the three, ``Dumb'' is barely a movie at all _ it's more like a visual volume of ``Truly Tasteless Jokes'' occasionally interrupted by the most anemic suspense plot imaginable. It's also a riot. Rated PG-13 for language and adult situations.  The Englishman Who Went  Up a Hill But Came Down  a Mountain PG  Set in 1917 Wales, this delightfully dotty film stars Hugh Grant as an English map maker who comes to a tiny Welsh town to measure the local mountain, a much-prized landmark that the villagers call ``the first mountain in Wales.'' How Grant learns how to make mountains out of hills and appreciate the genial eccentricity of the community is the gist of the film. Colm Meaney _ the red-haired star of ``Star Trek: Deep Space Nine'' _ co-stars as a fun-loving pub owner who may be responsible for the rising number of ginger-haired children around town. Rated PG for mild adult themes.  Fluke PG  Good dog. Great movie. This is a sensational family film. Matthew Modine is killed in an auto accident that, suspiciously, somehow involves his best friend and business partner, Eric Stoltz. Modine is then reincarnated as a dog _ a chocolate-colored retriever who keeps having flashbacks to his two-legged life. He eventually figures out that his family (wife Nancy Travis, son Max Pomeranc) are in danger from Stoltz. Think, ``Ghost,'' doggy-style. Rated  PG for adult themes and some scary scenes.  Forget Paris PG-13  Billy Crystal is back to form in this bright, engaging comedy romance that dares to ask the question: Can love survive marriage? Crystal and Debra Winger meet in Paris, spend an idyllic week together and eventually get married. And that's where the story begins as happily-ever-after takes a beating from '90s pressures. Rendered in a manner reminiscent of ``Broadway Danny Rose'' _ that is, as a tale told _ the movie features an able cast of tale-tellers that includes Joe Mantegna and Julie Kavner. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual situations.  Forrest Gump PG-13  Tom Hanks is clueless in America in Robert Zemeckis' half-baked fable about an idiot savant of sorts, skimming through the last half of the 20th century and colliding ``Zelig''-like with history. Nonetheless, the film won six Academy Awards including best picture and best actor for Hanks. Rated PG-13 for adult themes.  French Kiss PG-13  Meg Ryan, in adorable neurotic dither, plays Kate, a teacher who flies to France to wrest her fiance (Timothy Hutton) from the arms of a bombshell (Susan Anbeh). On the plane, she meets a scruffy Frenchman (Kevin Kline), who sneaks stolen goods past customs by stashing them in her bag, then has to chase her around Paris to recover the loot. And fall in love in the process. Though there's something pleasantly retro about this caper plot, the French scenery, and Kline's Clouseau-like French, the script makes us suspend huge chunks of disbelief. There's nothing wrong with following a formula. But in ``Kiss,'' the cork doesn't pop, the champagne feels lukewarm. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual situations.  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950616.0093 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(3rdtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  Friday R  Think ``Boyz N the Hood'' redone as a Cheech and Chong movie and you'll have some idea of the disastrous depths to which this dumb-and-dumber comedy sinks. Rapper-turned-producer Ice Cube stars as a boy in the 'hood who's just lost his job. Instead of looking for work, he hangs out with his perpetually stoned pal, Smokey (Chris Tucker, who has some of the good- natured limberness of Jim Carrey). As the title indicates, the movie's action takes place over one day. It only seems to take a decade. Rated R for language and sexual innuendo.  The Glass Shield PG-13  Writer-director Charles Burnett (``To Sleep With Anger'') turns to the cop genre to explore racial tensions in a Los Angeles police department. J.J. Johnson (Michael Boatman, in a terrific performance) is the new, and only black, officer, whose arrival is met with edgy bemusement by the good ol' boy network. The film's best, most disturbing moments find J.J., driven by misguided loyalty to his fellow officers, giving false testimony in a case against a black man accused of shooting a white woman. Unfortunately, Burnett piles on so many cover-ups within the department that the film becomes blurry. Rated PG-13 for adult themes (tense, police-type situations).  A Goofy Movie G  Goofy is as Goofy does and he does just fine in this clever, upscale animated feature that sends Disney's favorite whatizit (dog? man? both?) and his teenage son, Max, on a father-son fishing trip. Since Max would much rather be at a party with his dream girl, Roxanne, not everything goes smoothly. The movie isn't a classic but it's a lot better than it needed to be. So thank heaven for small favors, even if they're aimed at small fry.  Gordy G  A movie so hilariously bad that all that's missing is the wisecracking trio from ``Mystery Science Theater 3000.'' Gordy the piglet (played by nine four-legged hams) wants to save his family from being turned into sausages. To that end, he leaves the farm and heads north where he becomes a hero, a corporate symbol and a media darling. Atlanta subs for St. Louis, so if you're a loyal supporter of the Georgia film industry, you may want to check it out. However, while most of the movie is targeted at the under-6 crowd, please note that there are some very frightening slaughterhouse scenes in the last half-hour.  Heavenly Creatures R  Pulp reality like you've never seen it. A true story of nasty girls in New Zealand, this stunning film is a tale of make-believe tumbled into madness, of fantasy gone fatal. Directed by Peter Jackson. Starring Melanie Lynskey and Kate Winslet. Rated R for violence and sex.  Higher Learning R  John Singleton's third film proves that trouble is just as prevalent outside the hood. Set on a fictional, racially mixed university campus, Malik Williams (Omar Epps), Kristen Connor (Kristy Swanson) and Remy (Michael Rapaport) face race and social relations at their worst, all in the course of one year. When the final bell rings, ``Higher Learning'' is as emotionally taxing as tonight's blood-drenched evening newscast. Both are stirring, true. But one's free. Rated R for offensive language, nudity and violence.  Houseguest PG  In this latest prefab comedy from the Disney assembly line, comic Sinbad stars as Kevin, a big Pittsburgh dreamer wanted by loan sharks. He shakes them by posing as Derek, a long unseen friend of businessman Gary (Phil Hartman), who's expecting him for a weekend visit in his plush suburban home. The film has fun near the start, as Kevin/Derek tries to piece together clues about his alter ego's occupation, but every time the movie starts to rev up some wild energy, the tired formula slows everything down.  Johnny Mnemonic R  Sometimes horrible miscasting can be its own reward. Keanu Reeves as the Ultimate Hard Drive _ not the Ultimate Surfer or the Ultimate Cop or the Ultimate Surfing Cop _ makes this grim cyber-thriller much more amusing than anyone intended. Based on a William Gibson short story about a mnemonic courier able to store 160 gigabytes of data in his head, the movie becomes bogged down with predictable action sequences and half-sketched characters. Then there's the always-wooden Reeves, who makes Arnold Schwarzenegger's portrayal of the Terminator seem nuanced and multi-dimensional. Also starring Dolph Lundgren, Henry Rollins and Ice-T.  Jury Duty PG-13  Truth often is stranger than fiction, but in the case of this limp parody of our legal system, it's also a lot more entertaining. The spectacularly untalented Pauly Shore stars as a goof- off who manipulates his way onto a high-profile murder trial so he can live at a hotel and get free meals. Given our national obsession with O.J. Simpson, this isn't an altogether bad idea for a comedy, but with Shore in the lead, it's like a life sentence. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual innuendo.  Kiss of Death R  In this very loose adaptation of the '47 film noir that catapulted Richard Widmark to stardom, director Barbet Shroeder creates a sleek launching pad for flame-haired David Caruso (famed for walking away from the TV hit ``NYPD Blue''). Caruso plays an ex-con forced to turn stoolie when the mob welches on its promise to look after his family. Rated R for violence, language and nudity.  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950616.0094 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(4thtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  Legends of the Fall R  Think of the very best ``Bonanza'' episode you ever saw; then cast it with the likes of Anthony Hopkins, Brad Pitt and Aidan Quinn; finally add in the sibling rivalry/father-always-liked-you- best themes of ``East of Eden.'' Yummy. Rated R for sex, nudity and violence.  A Little Princess G  A luminous, not-for-kids-only film about a girl at boarding school during World War I that has more in common with the magic realism of ``Like Water for Chocolate'' than with the usual half-witted, sugar-loaded kiddie flick. The plot is pure Victoriana (with a touch of ``Annie''), but director Alfonso Cuaron revels in the myriad possibilities of studio artifice. This film deserves to be ranked with the best of the Disney animations. You don't need a child to enjoy it, but if you happen across one, you'll be sharing a special gift.  Losing Isaiah R  As a drugged-out mom who carelessly leaves her 3-day-old baby by a dumpster so she can get high, Halle Berry proves there's a lot more to her than flawless skin and to-die-for cheekbones. Jessica Lange, very good in a star-billed role that she renders as a graceful supporting performance, plays a social worker who wants to adopt little Isaiah. The conflict arrives when the now clean-and-sober Berry wants her son back. Writer Naomi Foner (``Running on Empty'') has a good eye for compelling family dilemmas. Alas, in this case, she's tried to do a bit too much. The mere issue of birth mothers vs. adoptive/foster mothers is complicated enough without adding the racial angle. Rated R for language and drug use.  Mad Love PG-13  A loving showcase for the impish blond question mark known as Drew Barrymore. As Casey, she's the new girl at high school who catches the eye of Matt (Chris O'Donnell). He's polite and reserved. She's rude and wild. It sounds like another teenagers-in-heat flick, but in the hands of director Antonia Bird (``Priest''), it's surprisingly restrained and respectful. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual content.  The Madness  of King George N R  The year is 1788. King George III (Nigel Hawthorne) already has lost the Colonies. Now he's losing his mind. Based on Alan Bennett's much-praised play and artfully transferred from the stage by Nicholas Hytner, this historical whimsy recalls ``The Lion in Winter'' or ``The Ruling Class.'' But Hawthorne's extraordinary portrayal gives ``Madness'' its own unforgettable voice.  Major Payne PG-13  Damon Wayans' giggle-inducing performance as a Junior ROTC instructor at a military academy for boys saves this rote misfit- kids-make-good comedy from being a major dud. Rated PG-13 for language, mild violence and body noises.  Man of the House PG  An OK Disney movie starring Chevy Chase in what used to be Dean Jones' role. Chase plays a Seattle lawyer who wants to marry divorcee Farrah Fawcett. There's one small problem: her 11- year-old son, played by ``Home Improvement's'' Jonathan Taylor Thomas. When Chase moves in, Jonathan schemes to move him back out. Rated PG for mild adult themes.  Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie PG  What, being TV- and toy- store phenoms isn't enough? They need to be movie stars, too? The adolescent action heroes battle their newest, most foul foe, Ivan Ooze, in a high-tech, big-screen version of the hit television series. Parents, better head down to the multiplex and get in line now.  Outbreak R  An A-list paranoia thriller that fictionalizes the nail-biting facts of Richard Preston's ``The Hot Zone'' (and other books) into an over-the-top Hollywood pulse-pounder. Dustin Hoffman plays Colonel Sam Daniels, M.D., a tireless virologist who battles not only viral beasties, but an itchy military ready to snuff an infected California town. Rated R for violence, language and intense hospital scenes.  Panther R  Mario Van Peebles' film shows the Black Panther Party's 1966 start in Oakland, Calif., as community organizers Bobby Seale (Courtney B. Vance) and Huey Newton (Marcus Chong) rally neighbors to empowerment. These early scenes nail the community's mix of attraction and suspicion toward this articulate duo, but the movie soon gives way to cinematic shorthand and loses track of its characters.  The Pebble and the Penguin: G  A what-the-heck-the-kids-are-restless picture, best recommended to very desperate parents of very restless 6-and-unders on a very rainy day. One-time Disney rival, Don Bluth (``An American Tail'') has delivered a slapped-together, second-rate animated feature about a penguin (voice by Martin Short) who must endure several adventures before winning his beloved. Among his trials: killer whales and a Barry Manilow score.  Pocahontas G  The Disney hit-making machine cranks up again with this, one of the most anticipated movies of the summer and the studio's follow-up to last year's ``The Lion King,'' which, we hear, did OK at the box office. Mel Gibson, Linda Hunt and Judy Kuhn loaned their voices to the project; the songs are by Oscar-winning composer Alan Menken (``Beauty and the Beast,'' ``The Little Mermaid'') and Broadway lyricist Stephen Schwartz (``Pippin'').  Pulp Fiction R  Pop goes the pulp in this smashing sophomore effort by Quentin ``Reservoir Dogs'' Tarantino. Winner of the Golden Palm at Cannes, the picture is a gleefully lurid mix of hardboiled gangster- movie conventions and hip post-Warhol irony. Starring John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson. Rated R for violence, language, nudity and drug use.  Richie Rich PG  Another chance for Macaulay Culkin to smirk. As comic-to-celluloid mutations go, it's what you'd expect: thin on script, fat on sets (the Riches' abode is Biltmore Estate in Asheville, N.C.). The film offers a spectacularly twisted message from filmmakers wanting to play both sides of the fiscal fence. After endorsing the Riches' dollar-happy delirium, the movie claims that Richie's true wealth is a new set of friends (a rainbow coalition of street urchins enticed to come play with his expensive toys). Rated PG for mild violence and language.  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950616.0095 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(5thtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  Rob Roy R  Park your brain and bring your kid-self to this swashbuckling Highland fling about 18th-century Scottish hero Rob Roy. Even in a kilt _ not the best look for anyone _ Liam Neeson brings his commanding presence and rough-hewn charisma to the title role. But the film belongs to its villains: John Hurt as a malignant lord and Tim Roth as his sadistic ward. Warning: Rated R for sex and violence.  The Rocky Horror  Picture Show R  Let's do the Time Warp again. . . . Barry Bostwick and Susan Sarandon are lost travelers at Tim Curry's castle. Rated R for adult themes and sexual innuendo.  The Secret  of Roan Inish PG  Set in Ireland, John Sayles' wondrous film is drenched in Celtic mist and the mysterious joy of storytelling. Take the kids (over 8). Then go back on your own. It's that special. Rated PG for adult themes.  The Shawshank  Redemption R  An excellently acted prison drama with some fine unexpected twists. Directed by Frank Darabont. Starring Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman. Rated R for violence, language and adult themes.  Strawberry and Chocolate R  Havana homophobia is the ingredient in a Cuban drama too vanilla for its own good. Tomas Gutierrez Alea's film follows the edgy nonmating dance between gay artiste Diego (Jorge Perrugoria) and revolutionary student David (Vladimir Cruz). Rated R for language and strong sexuality.  Street Fighter PG-13  A misleadingly mundane title for Jean-Claude Van Damme's lollapalooza of a comic-book action flick. As it turns out, the title ties it to an immensely popular video game. But unlike the disastrous ``Super Mario Brothers,'' Van Damme and his writer/director Steven E. de Souza have done it right _ they've translated the whiz-bang style of a video game into cinematic terms.  Tales From the Hood R  Mayhem takes a back seat to message in this preachy urban horror anthology from writer-director Rusty Cundieff (``Fear of a Black Hat''). Three young street toughs are called to a mortuary by a creepy undertaker (``The Mod Squad's'' Clarence Williams III), who claims he wants to give them a stash of drugs. Before they can retrieve their booty, however, they must listen to a quartet of grisly sermonettes. Rated R for violence, language and gore.  Village of the Damned R  John Carpenter's remake of the 1960 Brit chiller brings nothing new to the tale of 10 platinum-haired, eerily emotionless killer tots born in the town of Midwich. It's almost as if the material has so much potential for mischievous revisionism (from abortion issues to the Contract With America) that Carpenter backs off, leaving the story untouched by a '90s viewpoint. Christopher Reeve and Kirstie Alley star. Rated R for some sci-fi terror and violence.  The Walking Dead R  In this Vietnam drama, the focus is on the African-American men who made up a big part of the force. Director Preston A. Whitmore II sketches in thebackgrounds of a Marine quintet (four of them black) with flashbacks that show the bad luck, chance accidents or acts of remorse that drove them into the ranks. The stateside vignettes are the film's most interesting, while the Vietnam footage often feels hackneyed and predictable.  While You Were Sleeping PG  ``Speed's'' volunteer bus driver, the infinitely adorable Sandra Bullock, returns to public transportation in this winning romantic comedy. She plays a woebegone token-taker for the Chicago El with a huge crush on a yuppie lawyer (Peter Gallagher). When Gallagher ends up comatose in the hospital, Bullock ends up mistaken for his fiancee by his boisterous family. The movie combines the age-old farce of mistaken identity with the starry-eyed New Age optimism (OK, sappiness . . . ) of ``Sleepless in Seattle.'' It's light- hearted, sweet escapism. Rated PG for mild sexual innuendo.  Wigstock: The Movie R  Cross-dressing luminaries RuPaul and Lypsinka strut their stuff in this documentary about one of drag culture's biggest events: the annual Wigstock Festival in New York City. See Bob Dole comment above.  For use by clients of the New York Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950616.0096 type=story > <HEADLINE> CDC: TAP WATER MAY NOT BE SAFE IF YOU HAVE WEAKENED IMMUNE SYSTEM </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> ATLANTA (BC-PARASITE-WATER-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199506.gz"
"26386"	"we"	"hear"	" Shell Transport &AMP; Trading Plc gained 5p to 754 after UBS Securities Ltd. encouraged investors to switch out of Royal Dutch Petroleum into Shell, traders said. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950626.0313 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(2ndtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  Crimson Tide R  Subbing chaos for suspense, this submarine thriller fabricates a neo-Cold War scenario to justify its Dolby-loud bangs. Chechen rebels have seized Soviet nuclear subs and started a standoff with the United States. USS Alabama Captain Frank Ramsey (Gene Hackman) and Lieutenant Commander Ron Hunter (Denzel Washington) lock horns over an incomplete order from the Pentagon regarding a pre-emptive nuclear strike. Because it's a submarine movie, we get leaks and torpedoes, plus a fire, a heart attack and a feisty Jack Russell terrier. But it's hard to care what happens, as director Tony Scott (``Top Gun'') seems more interested in his hardware than his humans. Rated R for violence and language.  Crumb R  Terry Zwigoff's brilliant documentary examines the strange life and times of Robert Crumb, the renowned '60s ``underground'' cartoonist best-known for the ``Keep On Truckin''' logo, the album cover of ``Cheap Thrills'' and Fritz the Cat. It's both an unflinching close-up of Crumb himself _ a man who sketched the collective adolescent rage/angst/exuberance of a generation _ and an astonishingly intimate portrait of his dysfunctional family (especially his two brothers).  Die Hard With a Vengeance R  The original still reigns supreme, but this third installment gets the job done. And then some. Once again, Bruce Willis is folded, spindled and mutilated as tough New York cop John McClane. His nemesis is a maliciously playful riddler (a buffed-up, close-cropped Jeremy Irons) who's blowing up buildings around Manhattan. Samuel L. Jackson plays a good Samaritan civilian who gets stuck as McClane's unwilling partner. Rated R for violence and language.  Don Juan DeMarco PG-13  This romantic whimsy is too simplistic and gutless to be worthy of its complex and courageous stars, Marlon Brando and Johnny Depp. Depp plays a dashing gallant who believes he is the Don Juan, seducer of a thousand women. Brando is his shrink, 10 days away from retirement, yet not so sure that Depp's fantasies are that easy to dismiss. The movie wants us to see it as a daring celebration of passion and romanticism. But it's actually a pleasant flirtation, nothing more. Rated PG-13 for sexual situations.  Drop Zone R  Ever-evolving action hero Wesley Snipes takes on skydiving in an adventure that never leaves you hanging, and lets him appear more charismatically vulnerable. Directed by John Badham. Rated R for profanity and violence.  Dumb and Dumber PG-13  The final entry in Jim Carrey's Doofus Trilogy '94, after hits ``Ace Ventura: Pet Detective'' and ``The Mask.'' Easily the most lowbrow ridiculous of the three, ``Dumb'' is barely a movie at all _ it's more like a visual volume of ``Truly Tasteless Jokes'' occasionally interrupted by the most anemic suspense plot imaginable. It's also a riot. Rated PG-13 for language and adult situations.  The Englishman Who Went  Up a Hill But Came Down  a Mountain PG  Set in 1917 Wales, this delightfully dotty film stars Hugh Grant as an English map maker who comes to a tiny Welsh town to measure the local mountain, a much-prized landmark that the villagers call ``the first mountain in Wales.'' How Grant learns how to make mountains out of hills and appreciate the genial eccentricity of the community is the gist of the film. Colm Meaney _ the red-haired star of ``Star Trek: Deep Space Nine'' _ co-stars as a fun-loving pub owner who may be responsible for the rising number of ginger-haired children around town. Rated PG for mild adult themes.  First Knight  The King Arthur story again, this time told from Sir Lancelot's point of view. Richard Gere plays Lance, the star of Arthur's Round Table, who's got a thing for Queen Guinevere (Julia Ormond). Sean Connery plays the cuckold King.  Fluke PG  Good dog. Great movie. This is a sensational family film. Matthew Modine is killed in an auto accident that, suspiciously, somehow involves his best friend and business partner, Eric Stoltz. Modine is then reincarnated as a dog _ a chocolate-colored retriever who keeps having flashbacks to his two-legged life. He eventually figures out that his family (wife Nancy Travis, son Max Pomeranc) are in danger from Stoltz. Think, ``Ghost,'' doggy-style. Rated  PG for adult themes and some scary scenes.  Forget Paris PG-13  Billy Crystal is back to form in this bright, engaging comedy romance that dares to ask the question: Can love survive marriage? Crystal and Debra Winger meet in Paris, spend an idyllic week together and eventually get married. And that's where the story begins as happily-ever-after takes a beating from '90s pressures. Rendered in a manner reminiscent of ``Broadway Danny Rose'' _ that is, as a tale told _ the movie features an able cast of tale-tellers that includes Joe Mantegna and Julie Kavner. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual situations.  Forrest Gump PG-13  Tom Hanks is clueless in America in Robert Zemeckis' half-baked fable about an idiot savant of sorts, skimming through the last half of the 20th century and colliding ``Zelig''-like with history. Nonetheless, the film won six Academy Awards including best picture and best actor for Hanks. Rated PG-13 for adult themes.  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950626.0314 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(3rdtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  French Kiss PG-13  Meg Ryan, in adorable neurotic dither, plays Kate, a teacher who flies to France to wrest her fiance (Timothy Hutton) from the arms of a bombshell (Susan Anbeh). On the plane, she meets a scruffy Frenchman (Kevin Kline), who sneaks stolen goods past customs by stashing them in her bag, then has to chase her around Paris to recover the loot. And fall in love in the process. Though there's something pleasantly retro about this caper plot, the French scenery, and Kline's Clouseau-like French, the script makes us suspend huge chunks of disbelief. There's nothing wrong with following a formula. But in ``Kiss,'' the cork doesn't pop, the champagne feels lukewarm. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual situations.  Friday R  Think ``Boyz N the Hood'' redone as a Cheech and Chong movie and you'll have some idea of the disastrous depths to which this dumb-and-dumber comedy sinks. Rapper-turned-producer Ice Cube stars as a boy in the 'hood who's just lost his job. Instead of looking for work, he hangs out with his perpetually stoned pal, Smokey (Chris Tucker, who has some of the good- natured limberness of Jim Carrey). As the title indicates, the movie's action takes place over one day. It only seems to take a decade. Rated R for language and sexual innuendo.  The Glass Shield PG-13  Writer-director Charles Burnett (``To Sleep With Anger'') turns to the cop genre to explore racial tensions in a Los Angeles police department. J.J. Johnson (Michael Boatman, in a terrific performance) is the new, and only black, officer, whose arrival is met with edgy bemusement by the good ol' boy network. The film's best, most disturbing moments find J.J., driven by misguided loyalty to his fellow officers, giving false testimony in a case against a black man accused of shooting a white woman. Unfortunately, Burnett piles on so many cover-ups within the department that the film becomes blurry. Rated PG-13 for adult themes (tense, police-type situations).  Gordy G  A movie so hilariously bad that all that's missing is the wisecracking trio from ``Mystery Science Theater 3000.'' Gordy the piglet (played by nine four-legged hams) wants to save his family from being turned into sausages. To that end, he leaves the farm and heads north where he becomes a hero, a corporate symbol and a media darling. Atlanta subs for St. Louis, so if you're a loyal supporter of the Georgia film industry, you may want to check it out. However, while most of the movie is targeted at the under-6 crowd, please note that there are some very frightening slaughterhouse scenes in the last half-hour.  Higher Learning R  John Singleton's third film proves that trouble is just as prevalent outside the hood. Set on a fictional, racially mixed university campus, Malik Williams (Omar Epps), Kristen Connor (Kristy Swanson) and Remy (Michael Rapaport) face race and social relations at their worst, all in the course of one year. When the final bell rings, ``Higher Learning'' is as emotionally taxing as tonight's blood-drenched evening newscast. Both are stirring, true. But one's free. Rated R for offensive language, nudity and violence.  The Incredibly True Adventures of Two Girls in Love R  Is this the summer of small films with unwieldy, tell-all titles? First there was ``The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain.'' Now comes this movie mouthful about two teenagers from opposite sides of the tracks who fall in love during their senior year in high school.  Jefferson in Paris PG-13  In this decorous look at a remarkable man, the film-making team of James Ivory and Ismail Merchant have taken a chamber drama and diffused it with a cast of thousands. Nick Nolte is steady in the title role and he gets excellent support from the three women in his life. But nobody seems sure how to make this a portrait of a man, not an era. Rated PG-13 for sexual situations and adult themes.  Johnny Mnemonic R  Sometimes horrible miscasting can be its own reward. Keanu Reeves as the Ultimate Hard Drive _ not the Ultimate Surfer or the Ultimate Cop or the Ultimate Surfing Cop _ makes this grim cyber-thriller much more amusing than anyone intended. Based on a William Gibson short story about a mnemonic courier able to store 160 gigabytes of data in his head, the movie becomes bogged down with predictable action sequences and half-sketched characters. Then there's the always-wooden Reeves, who makes Arnold Schwarzenegger's portrayal of the Terminator seem nuanced and multi-dimensional. Also starring Dolph Lundgren, Henry Rollins and Ice-T.  Jury Duty PG-13  Truth often is stranger than fiction, but in the case of this limp parody of our legal system, it's also a lot more entertaining. The spectacularly untalented Pauly Shore stars as a goof- off who manipulates his way onto a high-profile murder trial so he can live at a hotel and get free meals. Given our national obsession with O.J. Simpson, this isn't an altogether bad idea for a comedy, but with Shore in the lead, it's like a life sentence. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual innuendo.  Kiss of Death R  In this very loose adaptation of the '47 film noir that catapulted Richard Widmark to stardom, director Barbet Shroeder creates a sleek launching pad for flame-haired David Caruso (famed for walking away from the TV hit ``NYPD Blue''). Caruso plays an ex-con forced to turn stoolie when the mob welches on its promise to look after his family. Rated R for violence, language and nudity.  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950626.0315 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(4thtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  Legends of the Fall R  Think of the very best ``Bonanza'' episode you ever saw; then cast it with the likes of Anthony Hopkins, Brad Pitt and Aidan Quinn; finally add in the sibling rivalry/father-always-liked-you- best themes of ``East of Eden.'' Yummy. Rated R for sex, nudity and violence.  A Little Princess G  A luminous, not-for-kids-only film about a girl at boarding school during World War I that has more in common with the magic realism of ``Like Water for Chocolate'' than with the usual half-witted, sugar-loaded kiddie flick. The plot is pure Victoriana (with a touch of ``Annie''), but director Alfonso Cuaron revels in the myriad possibilities of studio artifice. This film deserves to be ranked with the best of the Disney animations. You don't need a child to enjoy it, but if you happen across one, you'll be sharing a special gift.  Losing Isaiah R  As a drugged-out mom who carelessly leaves her 3-day-old baby by a dumpster so she can get high, Halle Berry proves there's a lot more to her than flawless skin and to-die-for cheekbones. Jessica Lange, very good in a star-billed role that she renders as a graceful supporting performance, plays a social worker who wants to adopt little Isaiah. The conflict arrives when the now clean-and-sober Berry wants her son back. Writer Naomi Foner (``Running on Empty'') has a good eye for compelling family dilemmas. Alas, in this case, she's tried to do a bit too much. The mere issue of birth mothers vs. adoptive/foster mothers is complicated enough without adding the racial angle. Rated R for language and drug use.  Mad Love PG-13  A loving showcase for the impish blond question mark known as Drew Barrymore. As Casey, she's the new girl at high school who catches the eye of Matt (Chris O'Donnell). He's polite and reserved. She's rude and wild. It sounds like another teenagers-in-heat flick, but in the hands of director Antonia Bird (``Priest''), it's surprisingly restrained and respectful. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual content.  The Madness of King George NR  The year is 1788. King George III (Nigel Hawthorne) already has lost the Colonies. Now he's losing his mind. Based on Alan Bennett's much-praised play and artfully transferred from the stage by Nicholas Hytner, this historical whimsy recalls ``The Lion in Winter'' or ``The Ruling Class.'' But Hawthorne's extraordinary portrayal gives ``Madness'' its own unforgettable voice.  Major Payne PG-13  Damon Wayans' giggle-inducing performance as a Junior ROTC instructor at a military academy for boys saves this rote misfit- kids-make-good comedy from being a major dud. Rated PG-13 for language, mild violence and body noises.  Man of the House PG  An OK Disney movie starring Chevy Chase in what used to be Dean Jones' role. Chase plays a Seattle lawyer who wants to marry divorcee Farrah Fawcett. There's one small problem: her 11- year-old son, played by ``Home Improvement's'' Jonathan Taylor Thomas. When Chase moves in, Jonathan schemes to move him back out. Rated PG for mild adult themes.  Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie PG  What, being TV- and toy- store phenoms isn't enough? They need to be movie stars, too? The adolescent action heroes battle their newest, most foul foe, Ivan Ooze, in a high-tech, big-screen version of the hit television series. Parents, better head down to the multiplex and get in line now.  Muriel's Wedding R  Another delightful dark comedy from Down Under. Our plump, plucky protagonist Muriel (Toni Collette) is obsessed with two things: weddings and the '70s rock group ABBA. But can a 20-year-old with a few extra pounds, lots of low self-esteem and a world-class ABBA collection find happiness in the '90s? Absolutely, according to writer/director P.J. Hogan who's fashioned a tremendously engaging, sometimes unexpectedly upsetting film about a young woman's quest to reinvent herself. Rated R for sex, nudity and language.  Outbreak R  An A-list paranoia thriller that fictionalizes the nail-biting facts of Richard Preston's ``The Hot Zone'' (and other books) into an over-the-top Hollywood pulse-pounder. Dustin Hoffman plays Colonel Sam Daniels, M.D., a tireless virologist who battles not only viral beasties, but an itchy military ready to snuff an infected California town. Rated R for violence, language and intense hospital scenes.  Panther R  Mario Van Peebles' film shows the Black Panther Party's 1966 start in Oakland, Calif., as community organizers Bobby Seale (Courtney B. Vance) and Huey Newton (Marcus Chong) rally neighbors to empowerment. These early scenes nail the community's mix of attraction and suspicion toward this articulate duo, but the movie soon gives way to cinematic shorthand and loses track of its characters.  The Pebble and the Penguin: G  A what-the-heck-the-kids-are-restless picture, best recommended to very desperate parents of very restless 6-and-unders on a very rainy day. One-time Disney rival, Don Bluth (``An American Tail'') has delivered a slapped-together, second-rate animated feature about a penguin (voice by Martin Short) who must endure several adventures before winning his beloved. Among his trials: killer whales and a Barry Manilow score.  Pocahontas G  The Disney hit-making machine cranks up again with this, one of the most anticipated movies of the summer and the studio's follow-up to last year's ``The Lion King,'' which, we hear, did OK at the box office. Mel Gibson, Linda Hunt and Judy Kuhn loaned their voices to the project; the songs are by Oscar-winning composer Alan Menken (``Beauty and the Beast,'' ``The Little Mermaid'') and Broadway lyricist Stephen Schwartz (``Pippin'').  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950626.0316 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(5thtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  The Postman NR  Set in the early '50s, this bittersweet tale of the unlikely friendship between the world-famous poet, Pablo Neruda, and Mario, an unworldly fisherman's son, is a deceptively simple film that sneaks up on you. English director Michael Radford (``White Mischief'') brings an outsider's intrigued eye to his Italian setting. But his ultimate focus is on the collision of poet and peasant and how each affects the other.  Priest R  An emotionally gripping, morally complex and sometimes amusingly irreverent drama about one priest's crisis of conscience. The church-bashing that occurs _ and, yes, there's quite a bit _ is leavened by the film-makers' deep and abiding belief in the importance of institutionalized faith. Paradoxically, ``Priest'' is unabashedly pro-organized religion, even as it asks us to consider the place of organized religion in the '90s. Rated R for sex and adult themes.  Pulp Fiction R  Pop goes the pulp in this smashing sophomore effort by Quentin ``Reservoir Dogs'' Tarantino. Winner of the Golden Palm at Cannes, the picture is a gleefully lurid mix of hardboiled gangster- movie conventions and hip post-Warhol irony. Starring John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson. Rated R for violence, language, nudity and drug use.  Richie Rich PG  Another chance for Macaulay Culkin to smirk. As comic-to-celluloid mutations go, it's what you'd expect: thin on script, fat on sets (the Riches' abode is Biltmore Estate in Asheville, N.C.). The film offers a spectacularly twisted message from filmmakers wanting to play both sides of the fiscal fence. After endorsing the Riches' dollar-happy delirium, the movie claims that Richie's true wealth is a new set of friends (a rainbow coalition of street urchins enticed to come play with his expensive toys). Rated PG for mild violence and language.  Rob Roy R  Park your brain and bring your kid-self to this swashbuckling Highland fling about 18th-century Scottish hero Rob Roy. Even in a kilt _ not the best look for anyone _ Liam Neeson brings his commanding presence and rough-hewn charisma to the title role. But the film belongs to its villains: John Hurt as a malignant lord and Tim Roth as his sadistic ward. Warning: Rated R for sex and violence.  The Rocky Horror Picture Show R  Let's do the Time Warp again. . . . Barry Bostwick and Susan Sarandon are lost travelers at Tim Curry's castle. Rated R for adult themes and sexual innuendo.  The Secret of Roan Inish PG  Set in Ireland, John Sayles' wondrous film is drenched in Celtic mist and the mysterious joy of storytelling. Take the kids (over 8). Then go back on your own. It's that special. Rated PG for adult themes.  Smoke R  A five-part urban fable focusing on the assorted characters who hang around a Brooklyn cigar store owned by Harvey Keitel. Directed by Wayne Wang (``The Joy Luck Club''), the movie is disjointed, uninvolving and suffers from a bad case of off-off-Broadway self-consciousness. The last segment _ a Christmas story rendered as a stunning monologue by Keitel, is well worth seeing, but the catch is, you have to sit through the rest of the movie to get there.  Street Fighter PG-13  A misleadingly mundane title for Jean-Claude Van Damme's lollapalooza of a comic-book action flick. As it turns out, the title ties it to an immensely popular video game. But unlike the disastrous ``Super Mario Brothers,'' Van Damme and his writer/director Steven E. de Souza have done it right _ they've translated the whiz-bang style of a video game into cinematic terms.  Tales From the Hood R  Mayhem takes a back seat to message in this preachy urban horror anthology from writer-director Rusty Cundieff (``Fear of a Black Hat''). Three young street toughs are called to a mortuary by a creepy undertaker (``The Mod Squad's'' Clarence Williams III), who claims he wants to give them a stash of drugs. Before they can retrieve their booty, however, they must listen to a quartet of grisly sermonettes. Rated R for violence, language and gore.  The Underneath R  A cool, flashy remake of ``Criss Cross,'' a 1948 film noir starring Burt Lancaster, Steven Soderbergh's version is Necco-noir, bathed in pools of green, yellow and red. Peter Gallagher returns home to Austin, Texas, where he had left behind an unhappy wife (Alison Elliott) and a pile of gambling debts, but something of the old spark remains. Which means trouble since Elliott is now involved with a mobster (William Fichtner). Moody, elliptical and studded with smart dialogue, this is a movie to admire more than embrace. Still, its considerable craftsmanship only reconfirms that Soderbergh is a film-maker who knows precisely what he's doing. Whether what he's doing is up your alley may be a matter of individual taste.  Village of the Damned R  John Carpenter's remake of the 1960 Brit chiller brings nothing new to the tale of 10 platinum-haired, eerily emotionless killer tots born in the town of Midwich. It's almost as if the material has so much potential for mischievous revisionism (from abortion issues to the Contract With America) that Carpenter backs off, leaving the story untouched by a '90s viewpoint. Christopher Reeve and Kirstie Alley star. Rated R for some sci-fi terror and violence.  The Walking Dead R  In this Vietnam drama, the focus is on the African-American men who made up a big part of the force. Director Preston A. Whitmore II sketches in thebackgrounds of a Marine quintet (four of them black) with flashbacks that show the bad luck, chance accidents or acts of remorse that drove them into the ranks. The stateside vignettes are the film's most interesting, while the Vietnam footage often feels hackneyed and predictable.  While You Were Sleeping PG  ``Speed's'' volunteer bus driver, the infinitely adorable Sandra Bullock, returns to public transportation in this winning romantic comedy. She plays a woebegone token-taker for the Chicago El with a huge crush on a yuppie lawyer (Peter Gallagher). When Gallagher ends up comatose in the hospital, Bullock ends up mistaken for his fiancee by his boisterous family. The movie combines the age-old farce of mistaken identity with the starry-eyed New Age optimism (OK, sappiness . . . ) of ``Sleepless in Seattle.'' It's light- hearted, sweet escapism. Rated PG for mild sexual innuendo.  Wigstock: The Movie R  Cross-dressing luminaries RuPaul and Lypsinka strut their stuff in this documentary about one of drag culture's biggest events: the annual Wigstock Festival in New York City. See Bob Dole comment above.  For use by clients of the New York Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950626.0317 type=story > <HEADLINE> LOW-PROFILE EVENTS SNARE SHARE OF TICKET SALES SPOTLIGHT </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> ATLANTA (BC-OLY-TICKETS-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199506.gz"
"27418"	"we"	"hear"	" For use by clients of the New York Times News Service </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950707.0014 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(5takes)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> CAPSULE REVIEWS OF CURRENT FILMS c.1995 Cox News Service  These brief reviews of current movies are written by Cox News Service movie critic Eleanor Ringel, unless otherwise noted. They move weekly to clients of the New York Times News Service.  G: General audiences. Nothing that would offend parents if viewed by children.  PG: Parental guidance suggested. May contain some material parents consider inappropriate for young children.  PG-13: Parents strongly cautioned. Some material may be inappropriate for preteens.  R: Under 17 requires accompanying parent or adult guardian. Parents are urged to learn more about the film before taking children.  NC-17: No one under 17 admitted. Replaces the X rating.  NR: Not rated.  Amateur R  Indie filmmaker Hal Hartley (``Trust,'' ``Simple Men'') lends his deadpan style to the story of a former nun turned erotica writer (Isabelle Huppert) who crosses paths with an amnesiac criminal (Martin Donovan) and an unhappy porn star (Elina Lowensohn). This one probably won't make Bob Dole's list of ``family friendly'' films.  Apollo 13 PG  Fresh from his second consecutive best actor win at the Academy Awards, Tom Hanks reunites with ``Splash'' director Ron Howard for this fact-based account of NASA's most problem-plagued space mission. Also starring Kevin Bacon, Bill Paxton and Gary Sinise.  Bad Boys R  Martin Lawrence pulls off some funny riffs and Will Smith hangs cool and shows off his pecs in this slick, soulless cop/buddy picture. Rated R for language, violence, sexual situations and innuendo. _ Steve Murray  Batman Forever PG-13  A designer makeover of Tim Burton's Dar k Knight, the third in the franchise trades in gothic operatics for a pop tone closer to the TV series. Director Joel Schumacher gives us a candy-colored Gotham City, plus a new Batman (Val Kilmer), finally Robin (Chris O'Donnell), and the quicksilver Jim Carrey, whose Riddler is the movie's best special effect. Rated PG-13 for violence.  Braveheart R  As did ``Spartacus'' and ``Dances With Wolves,'' Mel Gibson's tumultuously entertaining epic extols such old-fashioned virtues as honor, freedom, principle, loyalty and romantic love. Gibson, who also directed, plays William Wallace, a bonnie 13th-century Scotsman who gave the English hell for the hash they tried to make out of his homeland. Rated R for brief nudity and extreme violence.  The Bridges of Madison County PG-13  Probably the only thing wrong with Clint Eastwood's radiantly romantic movie is Robert James Waller's relentlessly excessive book. And even then, it's no contest. Director/star Eastwood (as the National Geographic photographer) and co-star Meryl Streep (as the unfulfilled farm wife) perform alchemy here; while adhering to whatever it was in Waller's best seller that sold all those copies, they've transformed the material into something far, far better. Rated PG-13 for sexual and adult themes.  Burnt by the Sun R  The sunny pleasures of a Chekhovian weekend in the country _ at the home of Colonel Kotov, a hero of the Revolution _ collide head-on with the shadowy realities of the Stalinist purges in this Oscar-winning Russian film set in 1936. Things turn dark when an unexpected guest turns up _ Mitya (Oleg Menchikov), the former lover of the Colonel's wife, who's been mysteriously gone for a decade. The movie moves inexorably to a wrenching finale, is made all the more powerful by the frivolity and often out-and-out comedy that precede it. A superb mix of silliness and substance, the droll and the dreadful, ``Burnt by the Sun'' has the disruptive impact of interrupted lives. Rated R for violence and adult themes.  Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh R  In the first, elegantly sinister film, Candy man, that hook-handed fiend played by Tony Todd, caused havoc in Chicago's Cabrini Green housing project. This time, he's skewering folk in N'Orleans. The sequel expands Candyman's history (a freeman murdered by racists in the 19th century), but the flashbacks expose the metaphorical vagueness of Clive Barker's creation _ he's a monster with few rules and too broad an appetite. And Todd acts with a reserve that borders on the embalmed. Rated R for violence and language.  Casper PG  Casper is a mere ghost of his former self in this overblown, incoherent merchandising vehicle trying to pass itself off as a feature film. Ghost ``therapist'' Bill Pullman and daughter Christina Ricci move into a haunted house where they come face-to-face with some exceedingly active ectoplasm, i.e., the friendliest ghost you know and his trio of rascally uncles. Rated  PG for language and mild violence. . .  Circle of Friends PG-13  A perfect spring fever film about three childhood chums attending the University of Dublin. Like a scaled- down, Irish-accented version of ``The Way We Were,'' the movie offers an endearing odd-couple romance. The script may be simplistic and maybe a bit soapy, but director Pat O'Connor and his likable cast give it a lilting, once- over-lightly tone. Rated PG-13 for sexual situations.  Congo PG-13  An unabashedly B-movie adventure, sort of the '90s equivalent to ``Journey to the Center of the Earth'' and ``The Time Machine.'' Safari guide Ernie Hudson takes a mixed bag of explorers into deepest, darkest Africa, where they encounter just about every Tarzan-movie cliche (fleeing porters, savage beasts, etc.) except the ape man himself. One's on a secret mission, another is returning his lab-raised gorilla to the wild. As a kind of ``King Kong'' meets ``King Solomon's Mines,'' the movie is perfect for adventure-minded 10- to 15-year-olds. Rated PG-13 for violence, language.  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950707.0015 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(2ndtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  Crimson Tide R  Subbing chaos for suspense, this submarine thriller fabricates a neo-Cold War scenario to justify its Dolby-loud bangs. Chechen rebels have seized Soviet nuclear subs and started a standoff with the United States. USS Alabama Captain Frank Ramsey (Gene Hackman) and Lieutenant Commander Ron Hunter (Denzel Washington) lock horns over an incomplete order from the Pentagon regarding a pre-emptive nuclear strike. Because it's a submarine movie, we get leaks and torpedoes, plus a fire, a heart attack and a feisty Jack Russell terrier. But it's hard to care what happens, as director Tony Scott (``Top Gun'') seems more interested in his hardware than his humans. Rated R for violence and language.  Crumb R  Terry Zwigoff's brilliant documentary examines the strange life and times of Robert Crumb, the renowned '60s ``underground'' cartoonist best-known for the ``Keep On Truckin''' logo, the album cover of ``Cheap Thrills'' and Fritz the Cat. It's both an unflinching close-up of Crumb himself _ a man who sketched the collective adolescent rage/angst/exuberance of a generation _ and an astonishingly intimate portrait of his dysfunctional family (especially his two brothers).  Die Hard With a Vengeance R  The original still reigns supreme, but this third installment gets the job done. And then some. Once again, Bruce Willis is folded, spindled and mutilated as tough New York cop John McClane. His nemesis is a maliciously playful riddler (a buffed-up, close-cropped Jeremy Irons) who's blowing up buildings around Manhattan. Samuel L. Jackson plays a good Samaritan civilian who gets stuck as McClane's unwilling partner. Rated R for violence and language.  Don Juan DeMarco PG-13  This romantic whimsy is too simplistic and gutless to be worthy of its complex and courageous stars, Marlon Brando and Johnny Depp. Depp plays a dashing gallant who believes he is the Don Juan, seducer of a thousand women. Brando is his shrink, 10 days away from retirement, yet not so sure that Depp's fantasies are that easy to dismiss. The movie wants us to see it as a daring celebration of passion and romanticism. But it's actually a pleasant flirtation, nothing more. Rated PG-13 for sexual situations.  Drop Zone R  Ever-evolving action hero Wesley Snipes takes on skydiving in an adventure that never leaves you hanging, and lets him appear more charismatically vulnerable. Directed by John Badham. Rated R for profanity and violence.  Dumb and Dumber PG-13  The final entry in Jim Carrey's Doofus Trilogy '94, after hits ``Ace Ventura: Pet Detective'' and ``The Mask.'' Easily the most lowbrow ridiculous of the three, ``Dumb'' is barely a movie at all _ it's more like a visual volume of ``Truly Tasteless Jokes'' occasionally interrupted by the most anemic suspense plot imaginable. It's also a riot. Rated PG-13 for language and adult situations.  The Englishman Who Went  Up a Hill But Came Down  a Mountain PG  Set in 1917 Wales, this delightfully dotty film stars Hugh Grant as an English map maker who comes to a tiny Welsh town to measure the local mountain, a much-prized landmark that the villagers call ``the first mountain in Wales.'' How Grant learns how to make mountains out of hills and appreciate the genial eccentricity of the community is the gist of the film. Colm Meaney _ the red-haired star of ``Star Trek: Deep Space Nine'' _ co-stars as a fun-loving pub owner who may be responsible for the rising number of ginger-haired children around town. Rated PG for mild adult themes.  First Knight  The King Arthur story again, this time told from Sir Lancelot's point of view. Richard Gere plays Lance, the star of Arthur's Round Table, who's got a thing for Queen Guinevere (Julia Ormond). Sean Connery plays the cuckold King.  Fluke PG  Good dog. Great movie. This is a sensational family film. Matthew Modine is killed in an auto accident that, suspiciously, somehow involves his best friend and business partner, Eric Stoltz. Modine is then reincarnated as a dog _ a chocolate-colored retriever who keeps having flashbacks to his two-legged life. He eventually figures out that his family (wife Nancy Travis, son Max Pomeranc) are in danger from Stoltz. Think, ``Ghost,'' doggy-style. Rated  PG for adult themes and some scary scenes.  Forget Paris PG-13  Billy Crystal is back to form in this bright, engaging comedy romance that dares to ask the question: Can love survive marriage? Crystal and Debra Winger meet in Paris, spend an idyllic week together and eventually get married. And that's where the story begins as happily-ever-after takes a beating from '90s pressures. Rendered in a manner reminiscent of ``Broadway Danny Rose'' _ that is, as a tale told _ the movie features an able cast of tale-tellers that includes Joe Mantegna and Julie Kavner. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual situations.  Forrest Gump PG-13  Tom Hanks is clueless in America in Robert Zemeckis' half-baked fable about an idiot savant of sorts, skimming through the last half of the 20th century and colliding ``Zelig''-like with history. Nonetheless, the film won six Academy Awards including best picture and best actor for Hanks. Rated PG-13 for adult themes.  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950707.0016 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(3rdtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  French Kiss PG-13  Meg Ryan, in adorable neurotic dither, plays Kate, a teacher who flies to France to wrest her fiance (Timothy Hutton) from the arms of a bombshell (Susan Anbeh). On the plane, she meets a scruffy Frenchman (Kevin Kline), who sneaks stolen goods past customs by stashing them in her bag, then has to chase her around Paris to recover the loot. And fall in love in the process. Though there's something pleasantly retro about this caper plot, the French scenery, and Kline's Clouseau-like French, the script makes us suspend huge chunks of disbelief. There's nothing wrong with following a formula. But in ``Kiss,'' the cork doesn't pop, the champagne feels lukewarm. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual situations.  Friday R  Think ``Boyz N the Hood'' redone as a Cheech and Chong movie and you'll have some idea of the disastrous depths to which this dumb-and-dumber comedy sinks. Rapper-turned-producer Ice Cube stars as a boy in the 'hood who's just lost his job. Instead of looking for work, he hangs out with his perpetually stoned pal, Smokey (Chris Tucker, who has some of the good- natured limberness of Jim Carrey). As the title indicates, the movie's action takes place over one day. It only seems to take a decade. Rated R for language and sexual innuendo.  The Glass Shield PG-13  Writer-director Charles Burnett (``To Sleep With Anger'') turns to the cop genre to explore racial tensions in a Los Angeles police department. J.J. Johnson (Michael Boatman, in a terrific performance) is the new, and only black, officer, whose arrival is met with edgy bemusement by the good ol' boy network. The film's best, most disturbing moments find J.J., driven by misguided loyalty to his fellow officers, giving false testimony in a case against a black man accused of shooting a white woman. Unfortunately, Burnett piles on so many cover-ups within the department that the film becomes blurry. Rated PG-13 for adult themes (tense, police-type situations).  Gordy G  A movie so hilariously bad that all that's missing is the wisecracking trio from ``Mystery Science Theater 3000.'' Gordy the piglet (played by nine four-legged hams) wants to save his family from being turned into sausages. To that end, he leaves the farm and heads north where he becomes a hero, a corporate symbol and a media darling. Atlanta subs for St. Louis, so if you're a loyal supporter of the Georgia film industry, you may want to check it out. However, while most of the movie is targeted at the under-6 crowd, please note that there are some very frightening slaughterhouse scenes in the last half-hour.  Higher Learning R  John Singleton's third film proves that trouble is just as prevalent outside the hood. Set on a fictional, racially mixed university campus, Malik Williams (Omar Epps), Kristen Connor (Kristy Swanson) and Remy (Michael Rapaport) face race and social relations at their worst, all in the course of one year. When the final bell rings, ``Higher Learning'' is as emotionally taxing as tonight's blood-drenched evening newscast. Both are stirring, true. But one's free. Rated R for offensive language, nudity and violence.  The Incredibly True Adventures of Two Girls in Love R  Is this the summer of small films with unwieldy, tell-all titles? First there was ``The Englishman Who Went Up a Hill But Came Down a Mountain.'' Now comes this movie mouthful about two teenagers from opposite sides of the tracks who fall in love during their senior year in high school.  Jefferson in Paris PG-13  In this decorous look at a remarkable man, the film-making team of James Ivory and Ismail Merchant have taken a chamber drama and diffused it with a cast of thousands. Nick Nolte is steady in the title role and he gets excellent support from the three women in his life. But nobody seems sure how to make this a portrait of a man, not an era. Rated PG-13 for sexual situations and adult themes.  Johnny Mnemonic R  Sometimes horrible miscasting can be its own reward. Keanu Reeves as the Ultimate Hard Drive _ not the Ultimate Surfer or the Ultimate Cop or the Ultimate Surfing Cop _ makes this grim cyber-thriller much more amusing than anyone intended. Based on a William Gibson short story about a mnemonic courier able to store 160 gigabytes of data in his head, the movie becomes bogged down with predictable action sequences and half-sketched characters. Then there's the always-wooden Reeves, who makes Arnold Schwarzenegger's portrayal of the Terminator seem nuanced and multi-dimensional. Also starring Dolph Lundgren, Henry Rollins and Ice-T.  Jury Duty PG-13  Truth often is stranger than fiction, but in the case of this limp parody of our legal system, it's also a lot more entertaining. The spectacularly untalented Pauly Shore stars as a goof- off who manipulates his way onto a high-profile murder trial so he can live at a hotel and get free meals. Given our national obsession with O.J. Simpson, this isn't an altogether bad idea for a comedy, but with Shore in the lead, it's like a life sentence. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual innuendo.  Kiss of Death R  In this very loose adaptation of the '47 film noir that catapulted Richard Widmark to stardom, director Barbet Shroeder creates a sleek launching pad for flame-haired David Caruso (famed for walking away from the TV hit ``NYPD Blue''). Caruso plays an ex-con forced to turn stoolie when the mob welches on its promise to look after his family. Rated R for violence, language and nudity.  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950707.0017 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(4thtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  Legends of the Fall R  Think of the very best ``Bonanza'' episode you ever saw; then cast it with the likes of Anthony Hopkins, Brad Pitt and Aidan Quinn; finally add in the sibling rivalry/father-always-liked-you- best themes of ``East of Eden.'' Yummy. Rated R for sex, nudity and violence.  A Little Princess G  A luminous, not-for-kids-only film about a girl at boarding school during World War I that has more in common with the magic realism of ``Like Water for Chocolate'' than with the usual half-witted, sugar-loaded kiddie flick. The plot is pure Victoriana (with a touch of ``Annie''), but director Alfonso Cuaron revels in the myriad possibilities of studio artifice. This film deserves to be ranked with the best of the Disney animations. You don't need a child to enjoy it, but if you happen across one, you'll be sharing a special gift.  Losing Isaiah R  As a drugged-out mom who carelessly leaves her 3-day-old baby by a dumpster so she can get high, Halle Berry proves there's a lot more to her than flawless skin and to-die-for cheekbones. Jessica Lange, very good in a star-billed role that she renders as a graceful supporting performance, plays a social worker who wants to adopt little Isaiah. The conflict arrives when the now clean-and-sober Berry wants her son back. Writer Naomi Foner (``Running on Empty'') has a good eye for compelling family dilemmas. Alas, in this case, she's tried to do a bit too much. The mere issue of birth mothers vs. adoptive/foster mothers is complicated enough without adding the racial angle. Rated R for language and drug use.  Mad Love PG-13  A loving showcase for the impish blond question mark known as Drew Barrymore. As Casey, she's the new girl at high school who catches the eye of Matt (Chris O'Donnell). He's polite and reserved. She's rude and wild. It sounds like another teenagers-in-heat flick, but in the hands of director Antonia Bird (``Priest''), it's surprisingly restrained and respectful. Rated PG-13 for language and sexual content.  The Madness of King George NR  The year is 1788. King George III (Nigel Hawthorne) already has lost the Colonies. Now he's losing his mind. Based on Alan Bennett's much-praised play and artfully transferred from the stage by Nicholas Hytner, this historical whimsy recalls ``The Lion in Winter'' or ``The Ruling Class.'' But Hawthorne's extraordinary portrayal gives ``Madness'' its own unforgettable voice.  Major Payne PG-13  Damon Wayans' giggle-inducing performance as a Junior ROTC instructor at a military academy for boys saves this rote misfit- kids-make-good comedy from being a major dud. Rated PG-13 for language, mild violence and body noises.  Man of the House PG  An OK Disney movie starring Chevy Chase in what used to be Dean Jones' role. Chase plays a Seattle lawyer who wants to marry divorcee Farrah Fawcett. There's one small problem: her 11- year-old son, played by ``Home Improvement's'' Jonathan Taylor Thomas. When Chase moves in, Jonathan schemes to move him back out. Rated PG for mild adult themes.  Mighty Morphin Power Rangers: The Movie PG  What, being TV- and toy- store phenoms isn't enough? They need to be movie stars, too? The adolescent action heroes battle their newest, most foul foe, Ivan Ooze, in a high-tech, big-screen version of the hit television series. Parents, better head down to the multiplex and get in line now.  Muriel's Wedding R  Another delightful dark comedy from Down Under. Our plump, plucky protagonist Muriel (Toni Collette) is obsessed with two things: weddings and the '70s rock group ABBA. But can a 20-year-old with a few extra pounds, lots of low self-esteem and a world-class ABBA collection find happiness in the '90s? Absolutely, according to writer/director P.J. Hogan who's fashioned a tremendously engaging, sometimes unexpectedly upsetting film about a young woman's quest to reinvent herself. Rated R for sex, nudity and language.  Outbreak R  An A-list paranoia thriller that fictionalizes the nail-biting facts of Richard Preston's ``The Hot Zone'' (and other books) into an over-the-top Hollywood pulse-pounder. Dustin Hoffman plays Colonel Sam Daniels, M.D., a tireless virologist who battles not only viral beasties, but an itchy military ready to snuff an infected California town. Rated R for violence, language and intense hospital scenes.  Panther R  Mario Van Peebles' film shows the Black Panther Party's 1966 start in Oakland, Calif., as community organizers Bobby Seale (Courtney B. Vance) and Huey Newton (Marcus Chong) rally neighbors to empowerment. These early scenes nail the community's mix of attraction and suspicion toward this articulate duo, but the movie soon gives way to cinematic shorthand and loses track of its characters.  The Pebble and the Penguin: G  A what-the-heck-the-kids-are-restless picture, best recommended to very desperate parents of very restless 6-and-unders on a very rainy day. One-time Disney rival, Don Bluth (``An American Tail'') has delivered a slapped-together, second-rate animated feature about a penguin (voice by Martin Short) who must endure several adventures before winning his beloved. Among his trials: killer whales and a Barry Manilow score.  Pocahontas G  The Disney hit-making machine cranks up again with this, one of the most anticipated movies of the summer and the studio's follow-up to last year's ``The Lion King,'' which, we hear, did OK at the box office. Mel Gibson, Linda Hunt and Judy Kuhn loaned their voices to the project; the songs are by Oscar-winning composer Alan Menken (``Beauty and the Beast,'' ``The Little Mermaid'') and Broadway lyricist Stephen Schwartz (``Pippin'').  MORE </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950707.0018 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-MINI-REVIEWS-(5thtake)-COX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> undated  The Postman NR  Set in the early '50s, this bittersweet tale of the unlikely friendship between the world-famous poet, Pablo Neruda, and Mario, an unworldly fisherman's son, is a deceptively simple film that sneaks up on you. English director Michael Radford (``White Mischief'') brings an outsider's intrigued eye to his Italian setting. But his ultimate focus is on the collision of poet and peasant and how each affects the other.  Priest R  An emotionally gripping, morally complex and sometimes amusingly irreverent drama about one priest's crisis of conscience. The church-bashing that occurs _ and, yes, there's quite a bit _ is leavened by the film-makers' deep and abiding belief in the importance of institutionalized faith. Paradoxically, ``Priest'' is unabashedly pro-organized religion, even as it asks us to consider the place of organized religion in the '90s. Rated R for sex and adult themes.  Pulp Fiction R  Pop goes the pulp in this smashing sophomore effort by Quentin ``Reservoir Dogs'' Tarantino. Winner of the Golden Palm at Cannes, the picture is a gleefully lurid mix of hardboiled gangster- movie conventions and hip post-Warhol irony. Starring John Travolta and Samuel L. Jackson. Rated R for violence, language, nudity and drug use.  Richie Rich PG  Another chance for Macaulay Culkin to smirk. As comic-to-celluloid mutations go, it's what you'd expect: thin on script, fat on sets (the Riches' abode is Biltmore Estate in Asheville, N.C.). The film offers a spectacularly twisted message from filmmakers wanting to play both sides of the fiscal fence. After endorsing the Riches' dollar-happy delirium, the movie claims that Richie's true wealth is a new set of friends (a rainbow coalition of street urchins enticed to come play with his expensive toys). Rated PG for mild violence and language.  Rob Roy R  Park your brain and bring your kid-self to this swashbuckling Highland fling about 18th-century Scottish hero Rob Roy. Even in a kilt _ not the best look for anyone _ Liam Neeson brings his commanding presence and rough-hewn charisma to the title role. But the film belongs to its villains: John Hurt as a malignant lord and Tim Roth as his sadistic ward. Warning: Rated R for sex and violence.  The Rocky Horror Picture Show R  Let's do the Time Warp again. . . . Barry Bostwick and Susan Sarandon are lost travelers at Tim Curry's castle. Rated R for adult themes and sexual innuendo.  The Secret of Roan Inish PG  Set in Ireland, John Sayles' wondrous film is drenched in Celtic mist and the mysterious joy of storytelling. Take the kids (over 8). Then go back on your own. It's that special. Rated PG for adult themes.  Smoke R  A five-part urban fable focusing on the assorted characters who hang around a Brooklyn cigar store owned by Harvey Keitel. Directed by Wayne Wang (``The Joy Luck Club''), the movie is disjointed, uninvolving and suffers from a bad case of off-off-Broadway self-consciousness. The last segment _ a Christmas story rendered as a stunning monologue by Keitel, is well worth seeing, but the catch is, you have to sit through the rest of the movie to get there.  Street Fighter PG-13  A misleadingly mundane title for Jean-Claude Van Damme's lollapalooza of a comic-book action flick. As it turns out, the title ties it to an immensely popular video game. But unlike the disastrous ``Super Mario Brothers,'' Van Damme and his writer/director Steven E. de Souza have done it right _ they've translated the whiz-bang style of a video game into cinematic terms.  Tales From the Hood R  Mayhem takes a back seat to message in this preachy urban horror anthology from writer-director Rusty Cundieff (``Fear of a Black Hat''). Three young street toughs are called to a mortuary by a creepy undertaker (``The Mod Squad's'' Clarence Williams III), who claims he wants to give them a stash of drugs. Before they can retrieve their booty, however, they must listen to a quartet of grisly sermonettes. Rated R for violence, language and gore.  The Underneath R  A cool, flashy remake of ``Criss Cross,'' a 1948 film noir starring Burt Lancaster, Steven Soderbergh's version is Necco-noir, bathed in pools of green, yellow and red. Peter Gallagher returns home to Austin, Texas, where he had left behind an unhappy wife (Alison Elliott) and a pile of gambling debts, but something of the old spark remains. Which means trouble since Elliott is now involved with a mobster (William Fichtner). Moody, elliptical and studded with smart dialogue, this is a movie to admire more than embrace. Still, its considerable craftsmanship only reconfirms that Soderbergh is a film-maker who knows precisely what he's doing. Whether what he's doing is up your alley may be a matter of individual taste.  Village of the Damned R  John Carpenter's remake of the 1960 Brit chiller brings nothing new to the tale of 10 platinum-haired, eerily emotionless killer tots born in the town of Midwich. It's almost as if the material has so much potential for mischievous revisionism (from abortion issues to the Contract With America) that Carpenter backs off, leaving the story untouched by a '90s viewpoint. Christopher Reeve and Kirstie Alley star. Rated R for some sci-fi terror and violence.  The Walking Dead R  In this Vietnam drama, the focus is on the African-American men who made up a big part of the force. Director Preston A. Whitmore II sketches in thebackgrounds of a Marine quintet (four of them black) with flashbacks that show the bad luck, chance accidents or acts of remorse that drove them into the ranks. The stateside vignettes are the film's most interesting, while the Vietnam footage often feels hackneyed and predictable.  While You Were Sleeping PG  ``Speed's'' volunteer bus driver, the infinitely adorable Sandra Bullock, returns to public transportation in this winning romantic comedy. She plays a woebegone token-taker for the Chicago El with a huge crush on a yuppie lawyer (Peter Gallagher). When Gallagher ends up comatose in the hospital, Bullock ends up mistaken for his fiancee by his boisterous family. The movie combines the age-old farce of mistaken identity with the starry-eyed New Age optimism (OK, sappiness . . . ) of ``Sleepless in Seattle.'' It's light- hearted, sweet escapism. Rated PG for mild sexual innuendo.  Wigstock: The Movie R  Cross-dressing luminaries RuPaul and Lypsinka strut their stuff in this documentary about one of drag culture's biggest events: the annual Wigstock Festival in New York City. See Bob Dole comment above.  For use by clients of the New York Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950707.0019 type=story > <HEADLINE> GATEWAY TO BE LATEST U.S. CHALLENGER TO JAPAN'S COMPUTER MAKERS </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> Tokyo, July 7 (Bloomberg) (BC-COMPUTERS-GATEWAY-JAPAN-BLOOM) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199507.gz"
"35844"	"we"	"hear"	" Your grown children and your grandchildren _ Saudi princes and princesses _ have come to visit you, bringing their bodyguards, English nannies and, sometimes, cooks. At least one prince, we hear, likes luxury cars and the company of different women. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199510.gz"
"58013"	"we"	"hear"	" Producers for one long-running program have been especially tight-lipped. This is the final season for John Goodman's lovable lug of a husband on ABC's ``Roseanne,'' and the writers need to start laying the groundwork for his absence. For the season finale, sources say, Dan and Roseanne Conner (not unlike, we hear, Goodman and his prickly co-star) will have a nasty falling out. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19960506.0489 type=story > <HEADLINE> WHO REALLY DROVE UP THE PRICE OF GASOLINE? </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-SLUG-JACOBY-COLUMN-$ADV07-BOS) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199605.gz"
"67778"	"I"	"hear"	" ``Around the halls, I hear, `Last weekend, I was in Vegas,' `I was in L.A.' Another got his speeding ticket in Phoenix,'' said Colonel Sowada, whose business card shows a Tornado roaring over cactus. The colonel kept up his tan all winter, skiing at a small resort half an hour from here, in the Sacramento Mountains. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199608.gz"
"84513"	"you"	"hear"	" ``When an athlete switches teams or leaves college early, you hear, `It came down to what's best for me, what's best for my family.' I don't feel there's anything wrong with that, necessarily, but it indicates that the sense of loyalty is gone from all sides.'' </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970118.0269 type=story > <HEADLINE> MAN TO MAN, USC TOO MUCH FOR ASU </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> LOS ANGELES (BC-BKC-USC-LADN) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199701.gz"
"85173"	"you"	"hear"	" ``We've been given the opportunity to try stuff here,'' said Ackerson. ``Here, you hear, `Let's give it a try.' If it doesn't work, it doesn't work.'' </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19970125.0059 type=story > <HEADLINE> SPARE. SOMETIMES WRY. SUMMERALL. </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-FBN-SUPER-TV-SUMMERALL-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199701.gz"
"92186"	"you"	"hear"	" ``It's really easy to outsource something like the payroll, which is easily understood and just a pain in the neck and nobody wants to do,'' said Christine Ferrusi Ross, an analyst at Forrester. ``But start talking about an Internet-based connection to a trading partner. Well, you hear, what does that cost? And how should it work? And what kinds of things should I expect? There are a lot of psychological barriers because companies don't understand these things. They are afraid to go out and ask questions for fear of being mistreated. Or that they'll ultimately get something they don't understand. So they just don't do it.'' </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010521.0123 type=story > <HEADLINE> REALLY PLUGGED-IN PEOPLE REVEAL REALLY USEFUL WEB SITES </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-ECOM-WEBSITE-TIPS-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
"92187"	"you"	"hear"	" ``It's really easy to outsource something like the payroll, which is easily understood and just a pain in the neck and nobody wants to do,'' said Christine Ferrusi Ross, an analyst at Forrester. ``But start talking about an Internet-based connection to a trading partner. Well, you hear, what does that cost? And how should it work? And what kinds of things should I expect? There are a lot of psychological barriers because companies don't understand these things. They are afraid to go out and ask questions for fear of being mistreated. Or that they'll ultimately get something they don't understand. So they just don't do it.'' </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010521.0125 type=story > <HEADLINE> PERSONAL HEALTH: REVIEW YOUR COSMETICS, IN BRIGHT LIGHT </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-SCI-BRODY-HEALTH-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
"92292"	"you"	"hear"	" ``It's really easy to outsource something like the payroll, which is easily understood and just a pain in the neck and nobody wants to do,'' said Christine Ferrusi Ross, an analyst at Forrester. ``But start talking about an Internet-based connection to a trading partner. Well, you hear, what does that cost? And how should it work? And what kinds of things should I expect? There are a lot of psychological barriers because companies don't understand these things. They are afraid to go out and ask questions for fear of being mistreated. Or that they'll ultimately get something they don't understand. So they just don't do it.'' </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010522.0098 type=story > <HEADLINE> MOVING ACCOUNTANTS OUT OF THE BUILDING AND ONTO THE WEB </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-ECOM-WEB-ACCOUNTANTS-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
"92293"	"you"	"hear"	" ``It's really easy to outsource something like the payroll, which is easily understood and just a pain in the neck and nobody wants to do,'' said Christine Ferrusi Ross, an analyst at Forrester. ``But start talking about an Internet-based connection to a trading partner. Well, you hear, what does that cost? And how should it work? And what kinds of things should I expect? There are a lot of psychological barriers because companies don't understand these things. They are afraid to go out and ask questions for fear of being mistreated. Or that they'll ultimately get something they don't understand. So they just don't do it.'' </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20010522.0099 type=story > <HEADLINE> REALLY PLUGGED-IN PEOPLE REVEAL REALLY USEFUL WEB SITES </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-ECOM-WEBSITE-TIPS-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
"93235"	"we"	"hear"	" Verse Theater Manhattan's presentation of ``Kings,'' the second of Logue's epitomes, aggressively turns the listener into a co-creator. Zeus, Hera, Agamemnon, Priam, Achilles, Hector, Odysseus and many others spring to life in the voices of two actors, James Doherty and Michael T. Ringer. But it is up to us to figure out what these towering personalities are really up to, since their speech is, as often as not, dissemblance. The actors cannot dramatize much; still, seeing and hearing them is a profoundly more exciting experience than listening to the BBC recordings. When the angry debates of gods and men end and the soldiers, we hear, ``moved out and fell in love with war again,'' our hearts ache. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200106.gz"
"106931"	"you"	"hear"	" If you mess up, you hear about it, but if you do well, you hear, too. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200202.gz"
"109570"	"we"	"hear"	" All of the performers and announcers at the Academy Awards receive official gift baskets usually so heavy they can't be lifted without help. This year, we hear, the baskets may shed some weight, with gift certificates instead of the actual item. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200203.gz"
"109574"	"we"	"hear"	" All of the performers and announcers at the Academy Awards receive official gift baskets usually so heavy they can't be lifted without help. This year, we hear, the baskets may shed some weight, with gift certificates instead of the actual item. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200203.gz"
"109743"	"I"	"hear"	" ``It's been horrible, really horrible,'' said Janet Hill, a spokeswoman for Miramax Films. ``I think I've talked to 40 academy members who put in for tickets, and only one or two got them. Some companies, I hear, have decided that spouses won't be invited this year.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_200203.gz"
"110093"	"we"	"hear"	" All of the performers and announcers at the Academy Awards receive official gift baskets usually so heavy they can't be lifted without help. This year, we hear, the baskets may shed some weight, with gift certificates instead of the actual item. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200203.gz"
"112611"	"you"	"hear"	" ``Being a woman and being service-minded, I always wanted to please,'' she says. ``You know, you hear, `Coach wants you thinner. You really need to be thinner.' And I'd say, `I can do that. I can definitely do that.' '' </P> "	"nyt_eng_200204.gz"
"115652"	"I"	"hear"	" ``If they had the votes in the council, they would have held the meeting,'' says a pro-therapeutic senator. The bioethicists lean anti-therapeutic, I hear, by only 9 to 6, with 3 undecided _ a division of the group, appointed by President Bush, that is much closer than expected. We can deduce that intellectual ferment about the moral obligations of molecular biology and genetics is taking place behind the scenes. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200205.gz"
"118925"	"we"	"hear"	" The national anxiety level, we hear, is nearing the all-time high of last November. I can't figure out how to measure my own anymore. Does a terrorist wear a polo shirt and stand in line for fresh blackberry ice cream? </P> "	"nyt_eng_200206.gz"
"126405"	"we"	"hear"	" ``They were some of the best years of my life,'' she said. ``I learned so much and grew up a lot and made friends. And I'll never forget the courage of Dr. Young and the staff at the time, because it took a lot of courage to stand up to the opposition.'' xxx </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020924.0405 type=multi > <HEADLINE> (EDS: Please note that the boldfaced word `is' in the 14 graf </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> 09-24-02 23:22:00EDT (BC-CAMPAIGN-BRIEFS-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> CHENEY'S TRAVEL BUDGET RAISES EYEBROWS  Vice President Dick Cheney's staff says he needs an extra $100,000 for his travel budget for ``additional unplanned official trips.''  Administration officials say the trips are related to the aftermath of Sept. 11 and travel to his undisclosed location, while Democrats suggest the money is being used for political trips in this campaign season.  Congress had appropriated $386,000 for Cheney's travel this year and was able to budget for some extra travel because the fiscal year ended after the Sept. 11 attacks. The vice president has already spent that sum, as well as an extra $50,000 that Congress gives him for unanticipated travel. Still, Cheney staff members have notified Congress that they intend to move $100,000 from their pot for personnel to their pot for travel.  The move brings the total that Cheney is spending on travel this fiscal year to $536,000, or 38 percent higher than the amount originally allotted, a percentage increase that seems highly unusual. In 1994, the comparable year for President Bill Clinton, former Vice President Al Gore was allocated $135,000 _ or $164,000 in today's dollars _ and spent $42,000, or $51,000 in today's dollars, budget figures show.  Cheney's spokeswoman, Jennifer Millerwise, noted that the money was transferred and that there was no increase in his overall budget, and she insisted that the money was needed for official reasons. ``No appropriated funds are used for political travel,'' she said. ``There are clear guidelines that we adhere to, and political travel is covered by political entities.''  Asked about the transfer of funds, David Sirota, spokesman for the Democrats on the House Appropriations Committee, said, ``This kind of disregard for other people's money may have worked at Halliburton, but it doesn't work with the American taxpayer.''  McCAIN WILL NOT BENEFIT FROM BOOK PARTIES  A book party celebrating the new memoir by Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., is being sponsored by Frederick W. Smith, chairman and chief executive officer of FedEx Corp. FedEx, the largest all-cargo air carrier in the world, also ranks among the top transportation lobbying forces in Washington. The panel that it lobbies, the Senate Commerce, Science and Transportation Committee, was once headed by McCain, now the committee's ranking Republican.  Smith is actively engaged in that lobbying himself and frequently appears on Capitol Hill, where he has beseeched McCain to solve some of his problems; for example, those with union workers.  McCain's book, ``Worth the Fighting For,'' published by Random House, is a sequel to his popular ``Faith of My Fathers.'' Smith's glossy invitation to the book party, to be held Sept. 30 at Union Station, praises McCain as ``an honest man searching and finding meaning through public service in times of conflict.''  Rick Davis, chairman of McCain's political action committee, said that McCain considered whether Smith's sponsorship might be a problem, and also whether another book party, to be hosted by Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg in New York on Oct. 14, would be a problem.  They decided no, largely because McCain is not benefiting financially from the book, Davis said. Half the proceeds go to charities in Arizona, the other half to Mark Salter, McCain's administrative assistant, who helped write the book. ``We felt comfortable because John wasn't getting any reward out of it, and these guys go way back with him,'' Davis said of Smith and Bloomberg.  SPECIAL SCREENING FOR CAMPAIGN CHRONICLE  Here's another invitation, this one from Rep. Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., the highest-ranking woman in the House. She is joining with HBO to sponsor a special screening of the up-close-and-personal movie her daughter, Alexandra, made of George W. Bush's presidential campaign in 2000 while she was a producer for NBC.  The movie, ``Journeys With George,'' is premiering the same night as the McCain book party, just down the street from Union Station at another of Washington's landmark buildings, the Library of Congress.  So how do you get a screening at the Library of Congress? ``It is the library of Congress,'' said Helen Dalrymple, a spokeswoman for the library, meaning that members of Congress can and often do host events in its hallowed halls. Outside organizations can as well, though for a fee. In this case, HBO is picking up any extra costs associated with the showing in the 460-seat Coolidge Auditorium, which, we hear, has the best acoustics in town.  Can't catch the screening? The movie airs on HBO on Election Night, Nov. 5, at 9:30 p.m., in case those returns are slow coming in.  LAST WORDS: ``I love all of you, especially your wives.'' _ Sen. Strom Thurmond, R-S.C., Tuesday, in what aides said might be the ailing 99-year-old's last speech on the Senate floor. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020924.0406 type=story > <HEADLINE> YOKO ONO SAYS EX-AIDE STOLE TAPES OF LENNON </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> NEW YORK  (BC-LENNON-LAWSUIT-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200209.gz"
"141707"	"I"	"hear"	" They are all involved in our conditioning program and are doing good things in the weight room, I hear, Donovan said. Other than that, the only thing you can go on is what they did in high school. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200408.gz"
"144340"	"you"	"hear"	" Seconds later, you hear, 'Get back here, you . . . !' and there's a gorilla chasing it. That would make your vacation. It could rain the rest of the week, you could get dumped by your girlfriend, and it would still have been a great vacation if you saw that. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200410.gz"
"148247"	"we"	"hear"	" Whether they will make money for their owners is another question. We hear now that it's only the legacy airlines such as Delta and United that have problems. They spend as much time before the bar as at the gate, but that's because they have antiquated -- which means high -- salary structures and big pension-fund overhangs. We'll always have, we hear, the leaner, meaner new airlines with salary structures more like Wal-Mart's and no pensions. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200501.gz"
"152456"	"I"	"hear"	" We are rapidly losing our history -- many active-duty troops, I hear, are now deleting their e-mails -- and this is what we want to prevent, Carroll says. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200505.gz"
"155524"	"I"	"hear"	" This is what you're going to get out of Weiss, a ton of personality. He's inquisitive and curious and interesting. He's a man of dimension that extends beyond basketball. He's quick to unload a brain-teaser or a riddle to tweak the writers. And his magic act, mostly card tricks, I hear, is renowned. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200507.gz"
"155541"	"you"	"hear"	" A: It's just a way to tell a story. Instead of an objective for a character, instead of a quest or a goal for the lead character, it's just another type of thing to occupy the audience as they are seeing this other thing. It's also the way I think our lives are. We go through a day and when we check in with our friends, you hear, Oh, I was actually there at the same time. So you retrace your day and piece it together from different points of view around the dinner table. So it's sort of the way we understand reality. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200507.gz"
"159702"	"you"	"hear"	" Carter, a worldwide traveler, said: Everywhere you go, you hear, 'What has happened to the United States of America? We thought you used to be the champion of human rights. We thought you used to protect the environment. We thought you used to believe in the separation of church and state.' </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 Although the county has received about 80 percent of its anticipated supplies, she said, none of the clinics that treat indigent adults has received vaccine. Low-cost vaccination clinics for seniors, however, have proceeded as planned. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, they said,	 At least it was for people who gave rudimentary advice on how to be a millionaire. Give up that pack-a-day smoking habit, they said, and in 40 years you will have saved almost $250,000 in today's dollars, assuming a conservative 4 percent annual return. Brown-bag your lunch, drop HBO and pay off your mortgage early and gradually, over a lifetime, you will accumulate $1 million in assets. Back then, all you had to do was live below your means and save, save, save. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Jordan's border with Iraq remained closed for the third straight day as a precautionary measure, he said, while security has been significantly tightened on all other border crossings. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she adds,	 As described this week by Business Week Online, both KFC and the competition seem to have taken Garfield's advice -- and there seem to be more health-unconscious consumers than anyone could have guessed. Americans are eating hamburgers, doughnuts, french fries and fried chicken like never before, writes Pallavi Gogoi. In fact, she adds, KFC is thinking of going back to its original name: Kentucky Fried Chicken. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Jordan's border with Iraq remained closed for the third straight day as a precautionary measure, he said, while security has been significantly tightened on all other border crossings. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he noted,	 The coalition's few reform proposals, he noted, are on the margins: extending the probationary period for new employees, or raising the retirement age to 67. Several initiatives, including the increase in the value-added tax, would not take effect until 2007. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he added,	 Israel has caused a lot of grief for Arab people one way or another, noted Rami Khoury, a Jordanian political commentator based in Lebanon. But, he added, The consequence is that this became an easy way not to deal with our problems that are based in our own society. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he added,	 Dawoud al-Shoryan, a prominent writer and journalist from Saudi Arabia, said that he is not convinced that those who blame Israel really believe it. But, he added, many people are deeply angry at the U.S. policy in the region, including its occupation of Iraq, and blaming Israel is a way of conferring some degree of legitimacy on a crime that would be considered unspeakable if committed by a Muslim. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 There are ways of addressing those discrepancies, he said, such as leaving some money from the estate directly to the guardian, which may help the guardian's children and narrow the gap. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 He also said the parking garage, which is being designed by Helix/Architecture + Design, will have unusual elements, including a glass front and staircase, a large art piece and street-level retail space. Already, he said, he has received inquiries from parties interested in leasing that space. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Jordan's land border with Iraq remained closed for the third straight day as a precautionary measure, he said, while security has been significantly tightened on all other border crossings. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, I think,	 In principle, I think, the document seeks to establish that men shouldn't become priests if their homosexual identity is clear -- to themselves or to others, Philip F. Lawler, editor of a conservative Catholic Web site, Catholic World News, wrote by e-mail in response to questions. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 In his speech, Bush asserted that Democrats as well as Republicans believed before the invasion in 2003 that Saddam Hussein possessed banned weapons, a conclusion, he said, that was shared by the United Nations. He pushed back against any implication that his administration had deliberately distorted the available intelligence, and said the resolution authorizing the use of force had been supported by more than 100 Democrats in the House and Senate based on the same information available to the White House. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 At the same time, he said, Iraqi troops are showing increased ability to take on the job of battling the insurgency. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Demers said his secret became more and more difficult to keep up as his career matured. After the Canadiens demoted him from head coach to scout and asked that he e-mail written comments, he said, he panicked. He was saved when the Tampa Bay Lightning hired him as coach in 1997. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 From the car ride home, he said, he began counting how gilded his life had been. He recounted that his faith kicked in immediately, like a generator after a big storm. He was almost calm. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he argued,	 In it, Drucker argued that profitability was crucial to a business's health but more importantly to full employment. Management could achieve sustainable profits only by treating employees like valuable resources. That, he argued, required decentralizing the power to make decisions, including giving hourly workers more control over factory life, and guaranteed wages. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 In the 1950s, Drucker began proclaiming that democratic governments had become too big to function effectively. This, he said, was a threat to the freedom of their citizens and to their economic well-being. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he added,	 Israel has caused a lot of grief for Arab people one way or another, noted Rami Khoury, a Jordanian political commentator based in Lebanon. But, he added, The consequence is that this became an easy way not to deal with our problems that are based in our own society. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 For now, Garber said, he is not concerned with turning football, baseball or basketball fans into soccer fans. His first priority, he said, was to turn fans of soccer in the United States into MLS fans. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 MLS has focused on young people over the past 10 years, he said, hoping that as they get older, the fan base will grow. The league is also focusing on the growing ethnic population in the United States, he added. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Yet Garber, backed by a group of investors, has been patient. While MLS compares itself to other sports leagues, he said, those involved with the league also remind ourselves that we're 10 years through our first generation. We're only halfway through our first turn of a father and son having that shared experience of going to a Galaxy game or going to a MetroStars game. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20051111.0165 type=story > <HEADLINE> TEAM LIMITS IRK ROUSH </HEADLINE> <TEXT> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 Reddick's attachment to the Lower Ninth Ward, while strong, is less sentimental than that of her family members. A few years ago, she said, she told her late grandfather that she was contemplating a return from Atlanta but that she wanted to live in a safer part of New Orleans. Charles Reddick Sr., a Baptist deacon and retired factory worker, responded that she should not bother coming home if she were going to abandon her family and her community. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 At the end of the fourth year, however, she and her teammates accused a male coach of sexual harassment. He was dismissed, she said, but with him went the quiet deal that she would get a fifth year of free tuition. She dropped out just short of a degree in communications, entering a period of floundering, which ended when her grandfather's death started her on a path back to New Orleans. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Telling students not to be catty about clothes and social skills, he went on, may be brave, futile or merely silly. But banning speech about values, he said, strikes at the heart of moral and political discourse -- the lifeblood of constitutional self-government (and democratic education) and the core concern of the First Amendment. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he wrote,	 Alito said it violated the First Amendment in two ways. First, he ruled that the commercial speech rights of advertisers were curtailed for no good reason. Even if college students do not see advertisements for alcohol in their student newspapers, he wrote, they will still be exposed to a torrent of beer ads on television and radio, and they will still see alcoholic beverage ads in other publications. The law did such a poor job of achieving its goal, Alito said, that it violated the First Amendment. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he ruled,	 Alito dismissed the claims. The Tuckers, he ruled, were public figures and had to prove that the magazines had acted with actual malice, that is, knowing their statements were false or entertaining doubts about their truth when they published them. The Tuckers had, he said, failed to do that. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 They said, 'We have to look at where we want to put our focus,' Thomas W. LaSorda, the chief executive of the Chrysler unit, said in an interview on Friday. DaimlerChrysler, he said, has concluded that it is more important to focus on Chrysler, Mercedes and its commercial vehicles division. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Long term, he said, smaller deals make more sense than a broader venture like the one DaimlerChrysler had with Mitsubishi. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, they say,	 His teammates speak of Phillips' tremendous athletic ability. He is mature, they say, and a student of the game. They note with pride how he follows a path set for him by Meriweather, a junior, and the other upperclassmen. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Not likely, according to pet expert Matthew Margolis, an author and host of Woof! It's a Dog's Life on PBS. Even with their superior sense of hearing, he said, animals don't process music in the same way humans do. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Jay Rosen, a New York University journalism professor who writes a blog called PressThink, said that he believed the move would wind up hurting the columnists. What is the product? he said. It's influence. With so much of the political conversation now taking place online, he said, Times columnists would inevitably be less influential if only paying subscribers could read them. This view is shared by some of the columnists themselves. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 They said, 'We have to look at where we want to put our focus,' Thomas W. LaSorda, the chief executive of the Chrysler unit, said in an interview on Friday. DaimlerChrysler, he said, has concluded that it is more important to focus on Chrysler, Mercedes and its commercial vehicles division. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Long term, he said, smaller deals make more sense than a broader venture like the one DaimlerChrysler had with Mitsubishi. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 One of the regulars who returned was the resourceful Cass Hargis, who has played receiver, running back and quarterback and has remained determined even though his family lost its home and possessions in St. Bernard Parish. All he recovered, he said, were a few shirts that had to be power-sprayed at a car wash. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Doeringer said officials at Luhring Augustine, Barbara Gladstone and other well-known galleries had been quite friendly to him over the years and had even bought his work. In four years, he said, he had had no problems other than the occasional thunderstorm, gust of wind or diarrhetic pigeon. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 But when he recently moved to the south side of the street near Weiss' gallery, he said, the owner disliked him from the start. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Of Doeringer's art itself, he said he did not want to pass judgment but then immediately did. It is not even original in its appropriation, he said, noting that this is an art-world idea that has been explored thoroughly by many artists already. (Only two artists have complained about the bootlegs, the artist said, and in those cases he stopped copying their work.) </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 When I started this, it was completely a conceptual thing, he said. But since I've started it has evolved into something that's allowed me to pay the bills -- which is really nice. (On a good day at the painting stand, he said, he can earn up to $1,500; two bootlegged John Currin paintings of sexy women have been among his best sellers. People like the pretty girls, he said.) </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 When Levinson was asked what would happen if the Diamondbacks did not trade Vazquez, he said, We'll just cross that bridge when we come to it. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Peter Bauer, executive director of the Residents' Committee to Protect the Adirondacks, said that were it not for the fire tower on Hurricane Mountain in Elizabethtown, some 13,500 acres could be reclassified as wilderness and receive the strongest protection. Moreover, he said, the view from Hurricane Mountain is magnificent even without the tower. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 Kathryn S. Wylde, president of the partnership, said the group had not yet taken a position for or against a congestion pricing plan but was in the midst of a study on how it might work in New York City. When the study was completed, she said, she hoped that city officials would review the findings. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 He did not participate in the riots, he said, but he thinks young people rebelled because every day they live in racism, for housing and employment, and 50 times a day they get control (searched) by police, just because they are black or Arabs. . . . If you don't have a job, you are not integrated into society. The sole fact of not having a job makes you feel rejected. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she says,	 Besides, she says, I love to shop all year long. I like to find things that are just right for her six children, their six spouses, 11 grandchildren and one great-grandson. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she says,	 But museum shops don't sell the most sought-after presents in her household. Referring to her husband of 47 years, Thomas, by his nickname, she says, I don't have to hide things from the grandkids, but I do have to hide things from Mac, especially the stuff from Hickory Farms. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 No prime minister has ever shown such lack of pride in his own country, before any American president, Oborne wrote. Thatcher, he said, always gave as good as she got with Reagan. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, it seems,	 Friedman's irreverent political style and satirical humor, nevertheless, are attracting appreciable attention, more attention, it seems, than Republican Carole Keeton Strayhorn and Democrat Chris Bell, the governor's more-traditional opponents, are receiving so far. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, I think,	 Q: What's apparent when watching you on screen is how much singing seems to be part of you, which, I think, your fans responded to. A! There are aspects to singing that are completely and utterly joyous. No doubt about it. The practice side of it, the discipline side of it, is like anything that you do. You have to work at it, but the joy of singing, particularly with a big orchestra, is indescribable. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Reiss and White found that to be true in San Diego. In February 2001, with electricity prices capped, the state of California began a campaign to have households conserve electricity. It worked. It was clear by about six months into 2001 that public appeals were having a big impact, White said. Such campaigns can have significant effects on consumer behavior, he said, if they offer a clear explanation of what people can do and how it will make a difference. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he says,	 In the case of electricity, waste is glaringly apparent. About 5 percent of the electricity consumed in U.S. households is simply lost to computers, televisions and other appliances that are turned off but still plugged in. The savings from using electricity more efficiently could be even larger than those from oil, Lovins says. Rate structures in most states, he says, still reward utilities for selling more electricity. One solution is to decouple the profits of utilities from their sales volumes, and to let utilities keep as profit some of the savings they achieve for their customers. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she noted,	 You can't go wrong choosing water efficiency, says Amy Vickers, an engineer and the author of the 1992 standards and of a book, Handbook of Water Use and Conservation (WaterPlow Press). The less water you use, she noted, the less energy you will use heating it. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, I thought,	 I can fix this, I thought, rubbing my hands together. But I wasn't sure what I wanted to repair: The potential fling? Or the potential friendship? </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he wrote,	 Of the parties, he wrote, If by 4 o'clock, the witching hour, you have not met anybody, something is wrong with you. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, they say,	 No journalist I've known excelled Lucy Morgan in common sense, character and commitment to the public's interest. Nobody is indispensable, they say, but it's hard for me to imagine how the Times can do without Lucy. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 A catalyst, he said, was the birth of their daughter Shelby, 21 months ago. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Part of painting's appeal, he said, is that he doesn't ever see its having commercial potential. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 With all of the fluidity in the workplace and elsewhere, Cusick said, I think this generation has begun to ask 'What is of lasting value? Is there anything I can really hold onto in this world that's up for grabs?' Catholic dioceses in 46 states and five countries now have a Theology on Tap program, he said, and about 28,000 people are on their mailing lists. Other denominations have also adopted the program, including the Episcopal Church of the Advent in Boston. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 The San Francisco group started this year, and Maryellen Mullin, 29, attended two sessions, one on feminism and the church and another on immigration. Mullin said she was most surprised to hear two nuns speak about how the church had changed from a lay-powered community to a male-powered one. Some women challenged men about having power, she said, and a discussion of male versus female roles ensued. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, you know,	 It is hard to get going when, you know, your body is just not there, Sharapova said. Your mind is on your pillow. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 The governor, who argued that a nursing shortage made it difficult for hospitals to comply with the law, was dogged at nearly every public appearance by protesting nurses. The union became even more galvanized after he urged attendees of a women's conference in Long Beach in December not to pay attention to nurses because, he said, they are special interests who don't like me in Sacramento because I'm always kicking their butts. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 In the end, defenders of the current system say that politics can be self-correcting. Incumbents who lose touch with their district are going to get beat, said Forti. That's just a fact of life. The lack of turnover in the House could be a sign, in other words, that the system works, down at the local level of electoral politics. If the national mood stays this unhappy, 2006 may put this argument to the test. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20051112.0016 type=advis > <HEADLINE> AM-NYT-BUDGET </HEADLINE> <TEXT> FOR SUNDAY AMS  Here are today's top news stories from The New York Times News Service for AMs of Sunday, Nov. 13:  INTERNATIONAL  (Coded i)  IRAN-NUKES (Undated) -- Though few countries are willing to believe Iran's denials about nuclear arms, few are willing to accept the United States' weapons intelligence without question. By William J. Broad and David E. Sanger.  ZIMBABWE-HOMELESS (Bulawayo, Zimbabwe) -- President Robert G. Mugabe has one word for reports that Operation Drive Out Trash, his government's urban-demolition campaign aimed at slum dwellers, has rendered thousands of his impoverished citizens homeless. Nonsense, he told ABC News in an interview broadcast in late October. Anyone who wants facts should come and see what's happening. We removed them from slums, and put them in new places. Clearly, Mugabe has yet to come and see Bulawayo. By Michael Wines.  IRAQ (Baghdad, Iraq) -- Former leaders of the Baath Party here confirmed on their Web site the death of Izzat Ibrahim al-Douri, the last of Saddam Hussein's closest associates still at large in Iraq and a man long sought by the American military command as the effective leader of the insurgent underground here. By John F. Burns and Edward Wong.  FRANCE-UNREST (Paris) -- Unrest continued to percolate through poor, predominantly minority neighborhoods across France on Saturday, though by the afternoon there were no signs that the arson attacks would again reach into the heart of the capital as had been feared. By Craig Smith.  FRANCE-BURNING-CARS (Paris) -- The last time France was convulsed by rioting as serious as the current bout -- the student revolts of 1968 -- the symbol of the insurrection was a paving stone, which the protesters dug out of the streets by the hundreds to hurl at the truncheon-wielding police officers. This time around, it is a burning car. More than 7,000 vehicles have been set ablaze since the civil unrest began in the suburbs of Paris on Oct. 27. The daily damage report posted by the French police is a car owner's nightmare: 502 burned on Friday night, 463 the previous night, 482 the night before that, and so on. No other country in Europe immolates cars with the gusto and single-minded efficiency of France. Even during tranquil periods, an average of 80 vehicles per day are set alight somewhere in the country. By Mark Landler.  IRELAND-PRIEST-ABUSE (Dublin, Ireland) -- An independent report on sexual abuse of children by Roman Catholic priests in Ireland has led some members of Parliament to call for a severing of the formal ties between the Irish government and the Roman Catholic Church, and has led the justice minister to promise new child-protection laws and a nationwide audit of how the church handles such cases. By Brian Lavery.  MIDEAST-RICE (Manama, Bahrain) -- A meeting of Muslim nations initiated by the Bush administration ended in discord on Saturday after objections by Egypt blocked a final declaration supporting democracy. The administration had hoped to get backing for a $50 million foundation to support political activities in the Muslim world, with money to be raised from American, European and Arab sources, and a $100 million fund largely financed by the United States to provide venture capital to businesses. Diplomats at the conference said Egypt wanted the language in the meeting's final declaration to say that only legally registered groups should be aided by the foundation. By Steven R. Weisman.  SUDAN-U.S. (Juba, Sudan) -- Robert B. Zoellick, the deputy secretary of state, has thrown the full power and prestige of his office into his mission in Sudan: to end the violence in Darfur that has claimed more than 200,000 lives and to consummate the peace agreement between southern rebels and the government in Khartoum. But by his account, the results have been disappointing. By almost any measure the situation has worsened since he became involved. Perhaps, he said, Sudan is impervious to outside pressure and entreaty. By Joel Brinkley.  AFGHAN-ELECTIONS (Kabul, Afghanistan) -- Afghanistan moved closer to forming its new National Assembly by holding elections in provincial council around the country Saturday to select representatives for the upper house of parliament, or Meshrano Jirga. By Carlotta Gall.  MILOSOVIC-TRIBUNAL (Paris) -- The declining health of Slobodan Milosevic has led an international medical team to call for an immediate halt to his activities and has renewed doubts about whether his long war-crimes trial can be completed next year. By Marlise Simons.  LA-MORGUE (Baton Rouge, La.) -- As families finally begin to receive the bodies of their relatives from the central morgue at St. Gabriel, La., many have found them accompanied by documents that, instead of shedding any light on their deaths, point to sloppiness in recordkeeping and procedures at the morgue. Some have complained of bodies far more decomposed when they came out than when they went in. Others said they were told that bodies were ready to be released, only to find, after sending a funeral director to the morgue, that they were not. By Shaila Dewan.  IND-TIME-KEEPING (Santa Claus, Ind.) -- Even as Indiana's political leaders this year resolved, at last, to fix the tangle of time zones that has forever confused some people who live here -- and even more who do not -- the mystery of time in Indiana seems to be growing only more complex. The decision by state officials earlier this year to break with the past and to recognize daylight saving time starting in 2006 has set off a new county-by-county battle over an old problem of having two time zones wedged into the 140-mile-wide state, leaving it neither in the Midwest nor the East. By Monica Davey.  TEXAS-TOWN (White Settlement, Texas) -- The towers of downtown Fort Worth can be glimpsed from White Settlement. Interlopers from Tennessee and Kentucky settled here in the 1840s when this was Comanche country. Recently, the mayor and members of the chamber of commerce determined that the very name of the city might be limiting its allure to outside investors, so they decided to ask voters in White Settlement to approve a change to something a little less provocative like, say, Liberator Village or West Settlement, or, simply, Settlement. The residents of White Settlement responded last Tuesday by defeating the measure by a 10 to 1 margin, with more than 2,300 voters against a name change and 200 or so in favor. By Simon Romero.  YALE-SCOTUS (New Haven, Conn.) -- Robert H. Bork and Clarence Thomas, the last two Supreme Court nominees with connections to the Yale Law School, endured bruising confirmation hearings that left them bitter toward the school. Thomas, of the class of 1974, has refused to return here for the unveiling of his portrait. Bork, who was on the faculty for decades, likes to cite a bit of populist wisdom from a bumper sticker that amused him: Save America. Close Yale Law School. In contrast, Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr., of the class of 1975, has strong ties to the school. In a recent note to its dean, he apologized for missing his 30th reunion last weekend. But the bond between the conservative judge and the law school, which leans left even by the standards of the legal academy, are about to be tested. By Adam Liptak.  MEDICARE-DRUGS (Washington) -- Enrollment in the new Medicare drug benefit begins in three days, but even with President Bush hailing the plan on Saturday as the greatest advance in health care for seniors in 40 years, large numbers of older Americans appear to be overwhelmed and confused by the choices they will have to make. I have a Ph.D., and it's too complicated to suit me, said William Q. Beard, 73, a retired chemist in Wichita, Kan. By Robert Pear.  AMTRAK-BOARD (Washington) -- The vote by the Amtrak board of directors to fire the railroad's president, David L. Gunn, has created intense interest in Congress in the board itself, which some legal experts say has been operating for years using untested legal principles. By Matthew L. Wald  RICH-COLUMN (Undated) -- Thirty-three percent find the president honest. By Frank Rick.  BROOKS-COLUMN (Washington) -- We can't test what kids really need to learn. By David Brooks.  KRISTOF-COLUMN (Undated) -- Struggling for a way to bring our troops home. By Nicholas D. Kristof.  PUBLIC-EDITOR-COLUMN (Undated) -- Letters to the public editor. Compiled by Byron Calame.  MOVING LATER:  SPORTS-NYT-BUDGET -- A rundown of sports stores will move by 12 noon.  AM-FRONTPAGE-NYT -- A description of the front page layout of the first edition of The New York Times will move at 12:30 p.m.  QUESTIONS OR RERUNS: (888) 346-9867 or (212) 556-1927:  The supervisor is Lynn Hoogenboom (E-mail, lyhoog@nytimes.com).  The late supervisor is Jesse Mayshark (E-mail, mayshark@nytimes.com).  Please note that your New York Times News Service report includes news and features from The Arizona Republic, The Boston Globe, Cox News Service, The Denver Post, The Detroit News, The Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Hearst Newspapers, The Houston Chronicle, The Kansas City Star, The Los Angeles Daily News, The San Francisco Chronicle, The Seattle Post-Intelligencer, States News Service and the New York Times Regional Newspapers.  (Editors: Budgets and advisories are internal documents not for publication or redistribution outside of client news organizations. Unauthorized use of budgets and advisories constitutes a violation of our contract terms. All clients receive all budgets, but only full-service clients receive all stories. Please check your level of service to determine which stories you will receive.) </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20051112.0017 type=story > <HEADLINE> BUY A HOME, AND DRAG SOCIETY DOWN </HEADLINE> <TEXT> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 We are just beginning to understand the magnitude of the challenge of militant Islam, he said, and I don't think we've got much in the way of the conceptual apparatus that we need. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 When asked what year 2005 might compare to in the analogy to the Cold War, Pike at first demurred, saying the parallel was too inexact. But when pressed, he said, 1922. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 Still, Betty Talmadge testified under subpoena, and, she said, reluctantly. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she lost,	 Unsurprisingly, she lost, but perhaps she got that only-an-ex-would-understand measure of personal satisfaction from it. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 The practice, he said, goes back to the end of the 1970s, when the suburbs began to seethe. Empty, parked cars made an inviting target for gangs of young men nursing a grudge and hungry for attention. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 But by his account, the results have been disappointing. By almost any measure, the situation has worsened since he became involved. Perhaps, he said, Sudan is impervious to outside pressure and entreaty. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he added,	 I didn't start out starry-eyed about this, Zoellick said in an interview. Yes, this causes some frustration. But, he added, Sudan is a harsh place, where citizens live by a culture of retribution. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 In principle, Dibbern said, drug coverage for older Americans is a good idea. But in practice, she said, the new program is immensely frustrating. Federal officials seem to go on the philosophy, 'Why keep it simple when you can gum up the works?' she said. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Nyquist said he was doing business with only one prescription drug plan, Community Care Rx, offered by MemberHealth in cooperation with the National Community Pharmacists Association. If Medicare beneficiaries choose another plan, he said, they cannot get their drugs at his store, the only one in Lindsborg. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, it seemed,	 Finally, it seemed, the people of Indiana would be certain they knew the answer to a question that, nearly everywhere else, is a matter for little discussion. What time is it? </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 In a telephone interview this week, the governor said he would make his own recommendations once he heard from local communities, and he disputed claims that he had openly favored Central time during his campaign for governor. It's a fiction, he said. I was a first-time candidate, and I committed the sin of straight answers. What he meant back then, he said, was that he could see an argument for Central time. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 No matter what else happens, he said, the state will now go from having what amounts to three different time zones to two. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 In the past week, Cataldie has begun to review all the paperwork filled out by Kenyon Worldwide Disaster Management, a company hired by the federal government to collect many of the bodies, in an effort to ferret out errors. It is possible, he said, that some mistakes can be explained by missing street signs or unfamiliar place names. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, it says,	 The government contends that the vast bulk of those made homeless have been relocated to the rural villages where they lived before migrating to the cities, mostly to look for work. Others, it says, will be placed in thousands of new homes being built to replace the illegal huts that have been razed. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 Asked where they would go, she said, Only God knows. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Tembo's great worry, he said, is that the police, who cruise up and down Killarney's main dirt road, will evict the couple again. I'm from Malawi, he said. But if they tear down this hut of mine, I will stay here, because I have nowhere to go in Malawi. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Do we really think the streets are less safe because we rely on local laws to enforce gun laws? he asked. Other cases, he said, turned on particular methods of statutory interpretation rather than predetermined outcomes. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, it says,	 The government contends that the vast bulk of those made homeless have been relocated to the rural villages where they lived before migrating to the cities, mostly to look for work. Others, it says, will be placed in thousands of new homes being built to replace the illegal huts that have been razed. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 The practice, he said, goes back to the end of the 1970s, when the suburbs began to seethe. Empty, parked cars made an inviting target for gangs of young men nursing a grudge and hungry for attention. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, they say,	 Rather, they say, Iraq represents the perils of imposing democracy from outside. Its current chaos and violence are widely seen as a cautionary tale rather than an inspiration, American officials acknowledge. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, they say,	 Abortion rights activists argue that the passage shows the fetus is assigned a lower value than the woman, because if a premature birth occurs, they say, the baby dies. Then, the punishment is only a fine, compared to life for life, eye for eye if the woman is killed. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he added,	 ElBaradei said his agency was bound to follow due process, which means I need to establish the veracity, consistency and authenticity of any intelligence, and share it with the country of concern. In this case, he added, That has not happened. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, I thought,	 When I made the decision to come to Baylor, I thought, 'Surely, I can schedule eight wins,'  Mulkey-Robertson recalled. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 For Williams, the Pentagon policy is a bunch of mumbo jumbo for lawmakers in Washington to wrangle over. There would be no debate, she said, if those lawmakers could ride in a convoy with her. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, she said,	 Sometimes, she said, it can be tough here for a woman. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, I guess,	 The things that I experienced from the short-term standpoint were the increased aggressiveness. And the thing, I guess, that was the most addicting aspect for me about them, as a former user, was the way they enhanced my training. In other words, you almost develop a love-hate relationship -- you love what they do for your training but you hate compromising yourself to gain the advantage from a drug. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 LaTourette said that at a meeting two weeks ago, David M. Laney, the chairman of the Amtrak board, provided a written response to questions about the board's composition. But I have more questions after reading it, LaTourette said. If the board is not properly constituted, he said, it cannot conduct business. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, I wondered,	 The first time I heard the name, when my wife told me there was a store for sale in White Settlement, I wondered, Ray said. But the only problem it causes is with vendors who can't get past the white thing. I just put down that we're in Fort Worth, and it works. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, they say,	 Still, others trying to attract new investment to White Settlement are more concerned about the perception of the town's name among outsiders. How else to explain, they say, the reluctance of companies to locate in a community with a ready workforce and new homes that cost $90,000? </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 LaTourette said that at a meeting two weeks ago, David M. Laney, the chairman of the Amtrak board, provided a written response to questions about the board's composition. But I have more questions after reading it, LaTourette said. If the board is not properly constituted, he said, it cannot conduct business. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Laney said that the District of Columbia's corporation law forbids a board to sell all or substantially all of a corporation's assets without shareholder approval. A shareholder, he said, might argue that the corridor was substantially all of Amtrak's assets. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 In September, Burress was late to two team meetings. He had a flat tire the first time, he said. The second time, he said, he was late because he stopped to buy dark socks, afraid to break a Coughlin rule banning white socks on road trips. Coughlin held Burress out of the first quarter against San Diego. The Giants fell behind early and lost, 45-23. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Josh Smith, a paleontologist and assistant professor of geology at Washington University in St. Louis, said he knew little about the fossils that had been found just a few hours south of his office. In academic and paleontological circles, he said, people aren't talking about Chronister at all. </P> 	nyt_eng_200511.gz
, he said,	 Darrough and others, he said, haven't really sat down and submitted these things to rigorous peer review. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200511.gz"
"167221"	"we"	"hear"	" (20) Lexington, Ky., we hear, is beautiful this time of year. And, Rodge, you can check out the bluegrass jam session at the Southland Jamboree next to the Collins Bowling Lanes while you're there. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200605.gz"
"171342"	"I"	"hear"	" One veteran reporter described the current state of Nuevo Laredo police reporting like this: I see, I hear, I shut up. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200609.gz"
"171348"	"I"	"hear"	" Roberson says quite a few people will be making the trip from the prison town of Huntsville for the game. A lot of students want to come to Austin to party, he said. Then again, some of the fans who listen to him on the radio won't be coming because they can't get away for the weekend. This is because they are in the joint back in Huntsville. Sam Houston, I hear, has quite a few fans that are in stripes, even though they aren't really in stripes, Roberson said. That's what I've been told. I haven't talked to any of them personally. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200609.gz"
