"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"15653"	"it"	"houses"	" Survivors include his wife, Evelyn; two daughters, Catherine S. Bradshaw of Pensacola, Fla., and Marianne S. Armstrong of Dallas, and three sons, Fred, of St. Petersburg, Fla., Michael, of Holdrege, Neb., and Frank L. Jr., of Tampa, Fla. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950227.0373 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-TRAVEL-BRIEFS-$ADV05-2TAKES-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> With the commencement of construction late last year on the mammoth Three Gorges Dam in Hubei Province, there are fewer than 1,000 days left to cast eyes on one of nature's truly spectacular river-scapes before it is submerged by a lake 400 miles long.   Travelers who are thinking about taking a river-boat trip down the Yangtze River to see the soaring cliffs and mist-shrouded peaks of central China would be well advised to make the journey before the winter of 1997-98.   By then, if all goes according to plan, construction crews, working round the clock at Yichang, will have breached China's mightiest river with a buffer dam, or earthen berm, bringing all traffic to a halt.   Tour boats will be stopped for several months as work is completed on a set of temporary locks and a new channel that will allow tourism and commercial traffic to resume during the dam building. That phase is scheduled to last from 1998 until 2009.   Along the lake, hundreds of temples, rock carvings and archeological sites will disappear beneath the man-made reservoir that will sit behind a dam 600 feet high and 1.5 miles wide, the largest hydroelectric dynamo in the world. Scheduled for completion in 2009, it is designed to control the chronic flooding that threatens the lives and farms of millions of Chinese in the Yangtze River valley, home to 8 percent of mankind. More than a million people, mostly farmers, are being relocated from the areas to be inundated. Certain man-made attractions, like the Zhangfei temple at Yunyang, will also be moved to higher ground.   As the lake fills, the mountains and cliffs will shrink from their current grandeur to something that most certainly will still be beautiful, but perhaps more on the scale of the lower Hudson.   ``River traffic will be disrupted only briefly,'' said Zhen Xiaoli of the Chongqing press and culture office. ``But there's no doubt that as the water rises, the mountains will appear less imposing and the gorges will lose some of their beauty.''   Though not among the deepest canyons in the world, the Three Gorges, lying near the midpoint of the Yangtze River's 4,000 mile run from the Qinghai-Tibetan plateau to the East China Sea, are nonetheless one of China's greatest natural wonders.   Over millions of years, lush, majestic mountains were cleaved by the fast-moving Yangtze current. The gorges still constrict the river to 100 yards in width at points along its course. The Three Gorges lake will be a deep and narrow band of water, seldom more than a mile wide, over the 411 miles from Yichang to Chongqing.   Chongqing, which will become the head of the lake and a new inland port, was the World War II headquarters of Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek and the American Gen. Joseph W. Stillwell, who served as chief of staff to the Chinese Nationalist army fighting the Japanese.   There are many unanswered questions about Chongqing's new port, where Yangtze River tours originate. Engineers say silting from the river may choke the port and require constant and costly dredging. And Chongqing doesn't have the money to treat the millions of tons of raw sewage it will be dumping into the still waters of the new lake.   Questions about money and environmental concerns, as well as worries about the dam's vulnerability to earthquakes and silting, have given rise to fierce debates, which continue even now as the project is being started after 40 years of study.   In the year 2003, as limited power generation begins, the water level will be allowed to reach its maximum planned height, giving the reservoir a depth of up to 525 feet.   Officials are trying to put the best face on things despite all the uproar.   ``When the water level goes up, some of the scenic sights will be submerged, but some new ones will be created,'' said Zhang Hong, an official at the Chongqing tourism administration. ``Visitors will be treated to a new and different perspective on the river's charms.''   Travelers leaving the United States for developing countries may have a hard time finding gamma globulin shots at the moment. The shortage, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the manufacturers, is the result of demands by the military for use in the Middle East, Somalia and Haiti.   Manufactured in the United States by Armour Pharmaceuticals and the Michigan Department of Public Health, gamma globulin, also known as immune globulin, is made from human blood plasma, and provides antibody protection against hepatitis A, a viral inflammation of the liver. Symptoms of the disease, which is caused by contaminated food or water, include severe fatigue, nausea, vomiting and fever.   Gamma globulin provides protection against infection, but is no guarantee. With or without it, travelers should be careful about what they eat and drink. Anyone unable to obtain the vaccine should take extra precautions, the CDC advises, drinking only bottled drinks and avoiding uncooked food, especially fresh vegetables and raw shellfish.   It is not known when the shortage will be over. Dr. Ruth Ann Dunn, chief of the immunization section at the Michigan Department of Public Health, said that it may last through much of 1995. But Armour Pharmaceuticals is hopeful that things will be back to normal within the next few months. And a new hepatitis A vaccine, manufactured by SmithKline Beecham, has recently been licensed by the Food and Drug Administration. A spokesman for SmithKline said it would be available sometime this month, and should help relieve some of the demand for gamma globulin.   The CDC recommends gamma globulin for travelers to all countries except Australia, Canada, Japan, New Zealand and Western Europe, especially anybody going off the usual tourist itinerary.   With the opening of a new terminal, the Amerigo Vespucci Airport outside Florence is now linked to 11 European cities. Airport authorities forecast that the expanded airport will be handling more than 800,000 passengers a year, up from 650,000 in 1994.   The cities with direct service to Florence are Augsburg, Barcelona, Berlin, Brussels, Frankfurt, London (both Heathrow and Gatwick), Lugano, Munich, Nice, Paris (Charles de Gaulle) and Vienna.   The new 36,000-square-foot terminal doubles the passenger areas and contains a restaurant, a bar, a bank and car rental agencies.   (MORE)  </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950227.0374 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-TRAVEL-BRIEFS-$ADV05-2NDTAKE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> A passenger terminal built as a temporary structure while the new one was under construction is being renovated, and the two will be joined in 1996. Also, the runway at the airport will be lengthened this spring so that larger, quieter planes can land. The largest plane that can land there now is the 79-passenger British Aerospace 146-200. The new runway will accommodate the BAE-300, which holds 100 passengers.   The Amerigo Vespucci airport is about three miles from Florence. The 20-minute taxi ride costs about $15. There is also a nonstop shuttle bus between the airport and the main bus station in the center of Florence. Buses leave every 50 minutes and a ticket costs $3.60.   The 23-story Philadelphia Marriott, connected by skywalk to the two-and-a-half-year-old Pennsylvania Convention Center, opened in January in the heart of Center City. Designed by Bower Lewis Thrower Architects and built at a cost of $200 million, it houses, in addition to 1,200 rooms, more than 85,000 square feet of meeting space, including a 38,000-square-foot exhibition hall, 27 conference rooms with audiovisual equipment, a 34,000-square-foot ballroom, three permanent board rooms and a business center offering secretarial services, faxing, photocopying and notary certification.   Recreational facilities include an indoor swimming pool and a two-lane lap pool, exercise rooms, a whirlpool and a sauna. There are two restaurants and two bars; a sports bar serving food is scheduled to open in April.   The Philadelphia Marriott is at 1201 Market Street, one block from City Hall. Single rooms begin at $129; concierge-level rooms, on the top three floors, start at $205. Suites range from $250 to $1,000. For information, call (215) 972-6700 or (800) 228-9290.   The tableware of early Americans is the focus of two exhibitions at the DeWitt Wallace Decorative Arts Gallery in Williamsburg, Va.   ``British Delft From Colonial Williamsburg'' examines the use and decorative motifs of the most common type of ceramic in the British colonies during the first half of the 18th century.   Delftware, a form of earthenware usually fired with a blue and white tin-oxide glaze, originated in the Netherlands and was made in Britain from the 16th through the early 19th centuries. The more than 200 pieces on display were exported to the American colonies and include ornamental objects as well as those in everyday household use.   ``British Delft'' runs through Jan. 5, 1996, and will travel to the Bruce Museum in Greenwich, Conn.; the Dixon Gallery and Gardens in Memphis; the Henry Francis du Pont Winterthur Museum in Winterthur, Del., and the Wadsworth Atheneum in Hartford.   A pair of rare American communion cups, made by John Dixwell of Boston in 1719, has been added to the long-running exhibition of more than 200 tankards, goblets, beakers and tumblers in ``To Your Health!: Silver Drinking Vessels 1601-1818.'' The exhibition incorporates the entire range of English, Scottish and Irish vessels, and will be on view through the spring of 1996.   The DeWitt Wallace Decorative Arts Gallery is on Francis Street near Merchants Square in Williamsburg, and open daily from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Admission is $10. For information, call (804) 220-7724.   The concluding events of World War II are being commemorated in rapid succession this year, the 50th anniversary of Allied victories in Europe (V-E Day, May 8) and the Pacific (V-J Day, Aug. 15).   An observance in Remagen, Germany, on Tuesday will mark the crossing of the Rhine by Allied troops on March 7, 1945.   The major celebration of the linkup of American and Soviet troops at the Elbe River in April 1945 is scheduled from April 20 to 25 in Torgau, Germany, where there will be ceremonies on the Elbe Bridge, jazz and swing concerts, a parade with Jeeps and other military vehicles, bell ringing, lectures and fireworks.   The surrender of Germany to the Allies at Rheims, France, on May 7, 1945, will be celebrated there on May 5 and 6. On May 5 exhibitions relating to the war's end will open, and a concert will be held that night at the high school, now known as the Lycee Roosevelt. Gen. Dwight D. Eisenhower's war room there is permanently open to the public. The next day's highlights will include a military parade, a musical procession with period vehicles, and an evening sound-and-light show, followed by fireworks and dancing in the streets.   Other celebrations are planned throughout Europe.   Attention is also focusing on the Pacific theater. The taking of Iwo Jima will be marked on March 14 with a ceremony atop Mount Suribachi, where the Marines raised the American flag.   The battle for Okinawa, which raged from April to June 1945, will be commemorated between June 19 and 26 with the dedication of the cornerstone of a memorial wall and a sunset parade. The end of the war against Japan will be celebrated in Honolulu on Sept. 1, 2 and 3 with a parade of ships and ceremonies at Punchbowl Cemetery.   A list of companies offering tours to World War II observances is available from the 50th Anniversary of World War II Commemoration Committee, Department of Defense, (703)604-0825.  </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19950227.0375 type=story > <HEADLINE> NEW ROUND OF TALKS BEGIN </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> SCOTTSDALE, Ariz.  (BC-BBO-LABOR-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199502.gz"
"167885"	"it"	"houses"	" A popular attraction at the German museum is the Artificial Worlds exhibition, which Giesen has overseen for 15 years in various forms. He said that, when combined with his own personal holdings, it is the second-largest special effects collection in the world, after one owned by Lucasfilm. Stocked with sci-fi and fantasy artifacts, it houses, among other things, a Darth Vader costume, reproductions of figures from Alien and Westworld, and original Ray Harryhausen models from films like The Golden Voyage of Sinbad and Clash of the Titans. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200606.gz"
