"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"2415"	"they"	"maintain"	" And, they maintain, children could be placed in child care that offers them more stimulation than they might receive at home. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199408.gz"
"4665"	"they"	"maintain"	" The baseball players claim major league baseball's exemption from the antitrust laws allows club owners to collude in setting players' salaries. Without that exemption, they maintain, owners could not get together and unilaterally dictate league-wide terms to players, as they did in imposing a salary cap as of Nov. 1. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199409.gz"
"4666"	"they"	"maintain"	" The baseball players claim major league baseball's exemption from the antitrust laws allows club owners to collude in setting players' salaries. Without that exemption, they maintain, owners could not get together and unilaterally dictate league-wide terms to players, as they did in imposing a salary cap as of Nov. 1. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199409.gz"
"7748"	"they"	"maintain"	" For the displaced vendors, on the other hand, there is no difference of opinion: The move, they maintain, has been a disaster. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199410.gz"
"7876"	"they"	"maintain"	" Such changes have prompted criticisms that the Kitchen is becoming more conservative, but representatives of the organization believe that it can broaden its base without losing its edge. The new technology in the Electronic Cafe, they maintain, will provide another means to attract new artists and audiences. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199411.gz"
"8914"	"they"	"maintain"	" If Dole holds out, they maintain, the pact will never get the 60 votes it needs to pass the Senate, a requirement that arises because the reduction in tariff revenues will widen the federal deficit. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199411.gz"
"19267"	"they"	"maintain"	" Mrs. Harris was removed from the jury after Ito learned that she had failed to acknowledge during jury selection that her husband had beaten her. The source of that disclosure, defense lawyers charge, was a retired police officer. Had prosecutors thought their case had been going well and viewed Mrs. Harris as an ally, they maintain, she would never have been investigated. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199504.gz"
"21529"	"they"	"maintain"	" Clinton, they maintain, is violating all the free-market principles he espouses, trying to micro-manage trade down to telling Toyota how many American-made parts they must buy. Washington shoots back that every other approach has failed, and that the Japanese are hardly suited to lecture anyone on the evils of managed trade. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199505.gz"
"22133"	"they"	"maintain"	" Most builders and real estate agents say they favor disclosure and are pleased that the off-site factors have been narrowed to physical conditions. Still, many expressed concern that the court once again made the decision retroactive and failed to specify the off-site factors that are deleterious or at what distance from those conditions disclosure becomes mandatory. This, they maintain, renders the court's mandate unworkable and their exposure to liability open-ended. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199505.gz"
"25043"	"they"	"maintain"	" But some Indian activists and historians are unswayed. Disney, they maintain, has distorted the story of Pocahontas, undermining not only her memory, but the history held precious by the 1,000 remaining members of her Powhatan nation. The tribe carries the name of Pocahontas' father. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199506.gz"
"26541"	"they"	"maintain"	" Since then, some leading Sun Belt senators have circulated alternative formulas and tried to make their case with the leadership. The status quo, they maintain, will not do. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199506.gz"
"27476"	"they"	"maintain"	" At a time of growing concern about corporations' accountability to the people who own their stock, many shareholders and experts in corporate governance believe that Smale has a chance to define a job that should be much more common. The existence of a separate chairman, drawn from outside a company's executive ranks, and the measure of accountability it adds, they maintain, will over the long term improve American competitiveness in the world marketplace. At the least, they reason, it should prompt boards to take faster action when a chief executive or a corporate plan isn't measuring up. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199507.gz"
"31617"	"they"	"maintain"	" Officials in New Jersey are lining up against increases as they have in the past, fearful of angering their constituents, who use the services more than New Yorkers do. But many of their New York counterparts favor raising at least some of the tolls or the fare because, they maintain, these fees are being kept artificially low. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199508.gz"
"38727"	"they"	"maintain"	" Opponents of the amendment say voters should not throw the baby out with the bath water. Every effort should be made to weed out unnecessary or outdated programs, they maintain, but the mandates remain a useful tool to establish uniform economic and social policies that local governing bodies might otherwise neglect. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199511.gz"
"42285"	"they"	"maintain"	" It's true that many Russians doubt that the apocalypse looms. Voters can opt for the communists, they maintain, but not for communism. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199512.gz"
"42343"	"they"	"maintain"	" It's true that many Russians doubt that the apocalypse looms. Voters can opt for the communists, they maintain, but not for communism. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199512.gz"
"43429"	"they"	"maintain"	" The regulars say they come because they're hooked on bingo, they love the companionship (Donnye McGowan and Wyneth Christian, for instance, have become such good friends that they exchange Christmas presents and do errands for each other) and they're drawn by the idea of winning. And, they maintain, it's cheap entertainment. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199512.gz"
"44094"	"they"	"maintain"	" Aides to his rivals say the reason the Forbes camp is not offering an explanation of how his strategy will work is that there is none. In the end, they maintain, Republican primary voters simply will not nominate for president a man who has never held public office. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199512.gz"
"44098"	"they"	"maintain"	" Aides to his rivals say the reason the Forbes camp is not offering an explanation of how his strategy will work is that there is none. In the end, they maintain, Republican primary voters simply will not nominate for president a man who has never held public office. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199512.gz"
"44466"	"they"	"maintain"	" Aides to his rivals say the reason the Forbes camp is not offering an explanation of how his strategy will work is that there is none. In the end, they maintain, Republican primary voters simply will not nominate for president a man who has never held public office. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199601.gz"
"45099"	"they"	"maintain"	" The only somewhat comparable event on this continent, they maintain, is the annual Independent Feature Film Market, a weeklong meet-and-greet in New York, where producers take finished films in search of distributors. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199601.gz"
"45119"	"they"	"maintain"	" At the same time, many Democratic consultants argue, the party has inoculated itself on the balanced-budget issue: Democrats on Capitol Hill and the White House produced a budget that would balance in seven years, they maintain, but without the ``extremist'' measures of the Republicans. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199601.gz"
"50473"	"they"	"maintain"	" Diplomats and businessmen in Cuba said it is even more doubtful that the harsh provisions of a bill introduced by Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C., and Rep. Dan Burton, R-Ind., will achieve their stated goal of bringing the Cuban economy crashing down. At best, they maintain, the bill may slow the pace of foreign investment in Cuba, which they say has recently been leveling off anyway for reasons unrelated to American policy. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199603.gz"
"51270"	"they"	"maintain"	" The sacrifices made at such companies are often substantial. And even the companies that have avoided layoffs say they do not know how long they can hold out. They are beholden, they maintain, to powerful forces beyond their control. Among them are new technologies that undercut jobs and Wall Street investors who continue to reward layoff announcements. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199603.gz"
"51329"	"they"	"maintain"	" The sacrifices made at such companies are often substantial. And even the companies that have avoided layoffs say they do not know how long they can hold out. They are beholden, they maintain, to powerful forces beyond their control. Among them are new technologies that undercut jobs and Wall Street investors who continue to reward layoff announcements. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199603.gz"
"51457"	"they"	"maintain"	" The sacrifices made at such companies are often substantial. And even the companies that have avoided layoffs say they do not know how long they can hold out. They are beholden, they maintain, to powerful forces beyond their control. Among them are new technologies that undercut jobs and Wall Street investors who continue to reward layoff announcements. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199603.gz"
"52048"	"they"	"maintain"	" Such a candidacy, they maintain, could cast both Dole and Clinton as defenders of a stale Washington status quo in areas ranging from trade policy to term limits. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199603.gz"
"52268"	"they"	"maintain"	" Such a candidacy, they maintain, could cast both Dole and Clinton as defenders of a stale Washington status quo in areas ranging from trade policy to term limits. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199603.gz"
"52380"	"they"	"maintain"	" Such a candidacy, they maintain, could cast both Dole and Clinton as defenders of a stale Washington status quo in areas ranging from trade policy to term limits. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199603.gz"
"60182"	"they"	"maintain"	" Critics concede that the convention center is an impressive architectural achievement but say it is an extravagance for a city that only recently pulled back from the brink of bankruptcy. The money spent to build it, they maintain, should have gone to repairing Philadelphia's decaying infrastructure. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199605.gz"
"73353"	"they"	"maintain"	" Bonilla, they maintain, is a conservative who opposes affirmative action and argues for the need to restrict immigration. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199610.gz"
"84326"	"they"	"maintain"	" To Clinton's most hopeful supporters, this has the makings of a history-sized idea. Since the 1980s, they maintain, Republicans have wisely tried to slow government's growth, but have lacked a balancing vision of government's potential. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199701.gz"
"84328"	"they"	"maintain"	" To Clinton's most hopeful supporters, this has the makings of a history-sized idea. Since the 1980s, they maintain, Republicans have wisely tried to slow government's growth, but have lacked a balancing vision of government's potential. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199701.gz"
"84334"	"they"	"maintain"	" To Clinton's most hopeful supporters, this has the makings of a history-sized idea. Since the 1980s, they maintain, Republicans have wisely tried to slow government's growth, but have lacked a balancing vision of government's potential. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199701.gz"
"84336"	"they"	"maintain"	" To Clinton's most hopeful supporters, this has the makings of a history-sized idea. Since the 1980s, they maintain, Republicans have wisely tried to slow government's growth, but have lacked a balancing vision of government's potential. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199701.gz"
"84729"	"they"	"maintain"	" To Clinton's most hopeful supporters, this has the makings of a history-sized idea. Since the 1980s, they maintain, Republicans have wisely tried to slow government's growth, but have lacked a balancing vision of government's potential. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199701.gz"
"85617"	"they"	"maintain"	" U.S. officials, however, argue that Jamaica and other Caribbean nations are blaming NAFTA for deeper-rooted economic difficulties that will remain even if trade rules are eventually eased. In the case of Jamaica, they maintain, those include a revaluation of the currency that increased its value by 12.5 percent last year, making the country's products more expensive, and a host of regulatory obstacles. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199701.gz"
"90993"	"I"	"maintain"	" So now we know that Charlie Ward is incompletely educated on the subject of comparative religion. He needs a little sit-down with Shane Battier. But, like Marge Schott, and, I maintain, like John Rocker, he has committed no crime other than to manifest public stupidity. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200104.gz"
"91538"	"they"	"maintain"	" Jack Griffin and the ``unofficial panel of experts'' who contributed to this book say the old hierarchy and chain of command of the corporate world have not withered away. They insist that the pecking order is alive and well in the American workplace. To succeed, they maintain, one has to know how to work it. They provide an appraisal of areas from the ``tricky contradictions of the 21st-century workplace'' to the latest tips for communicating better, building a name for yourself and dealing with the boss. Griffin's experts are Jill Frank, Sara Unrue Koulen and Susan M. Osborn. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200105.gz"
"95853"	"they"	"maintain"	" Republicans contend that the United States would be forced to spend an estimated $100 billion annually to buy oil from other countries if the refuge remains closed to drilling. That cost, they maintain, would hit consumers through higher prices for transportation, fuel, food and commodities. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200107.gz"
"100162"	"they"	"maintain"	" Above and beyond attesting to the charm gap between its two principals, ``Wittgenstein's Poker'' clearly addresses their philosophical differences. Wittgenstein's work centered on the philosophy of language: ``Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must remain silent,'' he had famously declared. But for Popper, who would eventually be celebrated as a philosopher of science, there were matters of interest that extended beyond puzzles and words, to the point where his student George Soros had great success in applying Popper's theories to the stock market. The authors make note of his ``intellectual common sense _ an admirable quality, but not a fascinating one.'' Nonetheless, they maintain, there are ways in which his is the more enduring legacy. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200111.gz"
"100263"	"I"	"maintain"	" The mail arrives _ snail and electronic variety _ every time I write a   story, or column, that talks about the wonderful promise of hybrid  fuel/electric engines. These engines are, I maintain, the stepping stone  to the ultimate severing of our dependence on Mideast oil,   hydrogen-powered vehicles. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200111.gz"
"110563"	"they"	"maintain"	" Still, some psychologists oppose this new twist, believing they should stick with what they do best. Adding drugs to their armamentarium, they maintain, is a prescription for trouble. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200203.gz"
"110953"	"they"	"maintain"	" But depositors here say they intend to argue their case on other grounds. Citibank and other U.S. banks, they maintain, made guarantees that they knew were impossible to keep, and that constitutes fraud. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200203.gz"
"123987"	"they"	"maintain"	" Heat, they maintain, depletes food's protein and vitamin content and concentrates any pesticides. More important, it destroys a food's natural enzymes, which, enthusiasts claim, facilitate digestion. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200209.gz"
"140459"	"they"	"maintain"	" A Kerry-Edwards national victory, with a respectable showing in Alabama, they maintain, could change that. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200407.gz"
"142016"	"they"	"maintain"	" Other advocates of charter schools say that those schools take in children who are below average academically to begin with, and that the national assessment offered only a snapshot of achievement at one point in time. Only future assessments, they maintain, will allow the public to gauge the progress of charter students over time. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200408.gz"
"145177"	"they"	"maintain"	" Instead, they maintain, strict scrutiny should apply to prison policies that classify people by race, as to any such policies by government in any setting. Under strict scrutiny, a policy will be upheld only if it is narrowly tailored to achieve a compelling government interest. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200411.gz"
"146283"	"they"	"maintain"	" If obesity is a leading cause of death, more money should be spent to try to prevent it, and to treat it, some argue. Insurers, they maintain, should pay for diet programs or weight loss surgery. If it is not so deadly, the impetus to pay for such things might vanish. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200411.gz"
"154937"	"they"	"maintain"	" The smell of smoke, they maintain, is seeping into office windows in the upper floors surrounding the courtyard. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200507.gz"
"156061"	"they"	"maintain"	" Partners in Roanoke Court Associates acknowledge that the apartment building is starting to generate cash. However, they maintain, before the loan was settled, they could have simply walked away from it. They chose instead to make a partial payoff, even though it added to their accumulated losses. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200507.gz"
"156852"	"they"	"maintain"	" Defenders of the pact say most of the complaints are baseless and born of fear of change. Freer access to the North American market is the only way, they maintain, for Central American economies to grow. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200508.gz"
"159623"	"they"	"maintain"	" State officials say that the systems will monitor large clusters of phones, not individual ones, and that the benefits could be substantial. By providing a constantly updated picture of traffic flow across thousands of miles of highways, they maintain, cell phone tracking can help transportation agencies spot congestion and divert drivers by issuing radio alerts or updating electronic road signs. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200511.gz"
"159642"	"they"	"maintain"	" For Bollinger, welders are just one of his labor headaches. His company pays welders $16 to $17 an hour. When Sheetrock layers start paying $25 an hour, he said, I'm either going to match it or I'm out of luck. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20051110.0277 type=advis > <HEADLINE> PHOTO-UPDATE-NYT </HEADLINE> <TEXT> ATTN: PHOTO EDITORS:  The following photos have been sent as part of the New York Times News Service photo package for Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005.  All photos and graphics are available at nytimages.com. Clients who have a photo account with the Wieck Database can use the same username and password to access the images.  There is no charge for browsing. But if you would like more information on establishing an account to download art from nytimages.com at a special rate, please call a sales representative listed at the end of this advisory.  (NYT68) UNDATED -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- OBIT-REICH -- Alan A. Reich in an undated photo. Reich, the founder and president emeritus of the National Organization on Disability, a voice in public forums for those disabled in any way, died on Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2005, at his home in McLean, Va. He was 75. (Lloyd Wolf/National Organization on Disability, 2004/The New York Times)  (NYT67) NEW YORK -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- OBIT-BUJONES -- Fernando Bujones with Marianna Tcherkassky in an American Ballet Theater production of Giselle in 1995. Bujones, whose pure classical technique, sheer power and bold temperament made him one of the first American-born male dancers to become an international ballet superstar, died early Thursday, Nov 10, 2005, in Miami. He was 50 and had two homes in Florida: in Orlando, where he was artistic director of the Orlando Ballet for the past five years, and in Hallandale, near Miami. (Don Hogan Charles/The New York Times)  (NYT66) PARIS -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- FRANCE-IDENTITY-3 -- Yazid Sabeg leads the CS Group, the only company on the Paris exchange headed by someone of Arab heritage. Sabeg in his home in Paris on Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2005. Millions of French citizens, whether immigrants or the offspring of immigrants, feel rejected by traditional French society, which has resisted adjusting a vision of itself forged in fires of the French Revolution. The concept of French identity remains rooted deep in the country's centuries-old culture and a significant portion of the population has yet to accept the increasingly multi-ethnic make-up of the population. Put simply, being French, for many people, remains a baguette and beret affair. (Ed Alcock/The New York Times)  (NYT65) PARIS -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- FRANCE-IDENTITY-2 -- Semou Diouf, 50, in Paris on Thursday, Nov., 10, 2005. Diouf's problem is, The French don't think I'm French. Millions of French citizens, whether immigrants or the offspring of immigrants, feel rejected by traditional French society, which has resisted adjusting a vision of itself forged in fires of the French Revolution. The concept of French identity remains rooted deep in the country's centuries-old culture and a significant portion of the population has yet to accept the increasingly multi-ethnic make-up of the population. Put simply, being French, for many people, remains a baguette and beret affair. (Ed Alcock/The New York Times)  (NYT64) PARIS -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- FRANCE-IDENTITY -- Semou Diouf, 50, in Paris on Thursday, Nov., 10, 2005. Diouf has spoken French all his life and was educated in France but says he still feels like an outsider, despite living under a Constitution that is officially color blind. Millions of French citizens, whether immigrants or the offspring of immigrants, feel rejected by traditional French society, which has resisted adjusting a vision of itself forged in fires of the French Revolution. The concept of French identity remains rooted deep in the country's centuries-old culture and a significant portion of the population has yet to accept the increasingly multi-ethnic make-up of the population. Put simply, being French, for many people, remains a baguette and beret affair. (Ed Alcock/The New York Times)  (NYT63) HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- HOFTSRA-CLINTON-2 -- Former President Bill Clinton greets members of the audience after speaking at Hoftsra University in Hempstead, New York, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Clinton took an early stab at inscribing his place in the history books, kicking off a three-day conference at Hofstra with a heartfelt speech recounting the highs and lows -- mostly the highs -- of his eight years in office. (Phil Marino/The New York Times)  (NYT62) HEMPSTEAD, N.Y. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- HOFTSRA-CLINTON -- Former President Bill Clinton embraces former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright onstage at Hoftsra University in Hempstead, New York, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Clinton took an early stab at inscribing his place in the history books, kicking off a three-day conference at Hofstra with a heartfelt speech recounting the highs and lows -- mostly the highs -- of his eight years in office. (Phil Marino/The New York Times)  (NYT61) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- WHITE-HOUSE-MOOD-2 -- Karl Rove, President Bush's senior adviser and deputy chief of staff, speaks to the Federalist Society in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Hunkered down for almost all of October while a grand jury considered his fate, Rove has rebounded as a visible presence at the White House over the last two weeks, according to administration officials and Republican colleagues. (Jamie Rose/The New York Times)  (NYT60) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- WHITE-HOUSE-MOOD -- Karl Rove, President Bush's senior adviser and deputy chief of staff, speaks to the Federalist Society in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Hunkered down for almost all of October while a grand jury considered his fate, Rove has rebounded as a visible presence at the White House over the last two weeks, according to administration officials and Republican colleagues. (Jamie Rose/The New York Times)  (NYT59) BAY ST. LOUIS, Miss. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- KATRINA-SCHOOLS-2 -- Students arrive for the start of the school day at North Bay Elementary in Bay St. Louis, Miss., on Tuesday, Nov. 8, 2005. From their new metal classroom, the third graders at the school this week can look straight into the carcass of the old, soon-to-be demolished North Bay Elementary. (James Edward Bates/The New York Times)  (NYT58) YAZOO CITY, Miss. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- KATRINA-SCHOOLS -- Kent Adams, manager of Adams Hardware and Home Center, in his office in Yazoo City, Miss., on Nov. 8, 2005. The company has been selling modular classrooms statewide for decades and operates a local mobile home park. (Suzi Altman/The New York Times)  (NYT57) ATLANTA -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- CELLPHONES-TRAFFIC -- Cy Smith, president of AirSage in Atlanta in November 2005, said none of the signals pinpoint individuals. Several state transportation agencies, including those in Maryland and Virginia, are beginning to test new technology that allows them to monitor traffic by tracking cell phone signals and mapping them against road grids. State officials say that the systems will monitor large clusters of phones, not individual ones, and that the benefits could be substantial. By providing a constantly updated picture of traffic flow across thousands of miles of highways, they maintain, cell phone tracking can help transportation agencies spot congestion and divert drivers by issuing radio alerts or updating electronic road signs. (Erik S. Lesser/The New York Times)  (NYT56) CHAKOTHI, Pakistan -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- KASHMIR-2 -- A Pakistani soldier looks on as relief supplies from India are carried across the Line of Control in Chakothi, Pakistan, on Nov. 9, 2005. A full month after an earthquake killed 73,000 people in Pakistan and 1,300 in India, officials from the two countries continue to blame each other for yet another cheerless chapter in their decades-old dispute. (Scott Eells/The New York Times)  (NYT55) CHAKOTHI, Pakistan -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- KASHMIR -- Pakistani soldiers keep an eye on Kashmiris stopped from crossing the Line of Control in Chakothi, Pakistan, on Nov. 9, 2005. A full month after an earthquake killed 73,000 people in Pakistan and 1,300 in India, officials from the two countries continue to blame each other for yet another cheerless chapter in their decades-old dispute. (Scott Eells/The New York Times)  ....FILE PHOTO (NYT54) BENISWEF, Egypt -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- EGYPT-ELECT-2 -- Opposition leader Ayman Nour, President Hosni Mubarak's strongest political foe, speaks at a rally in Beniswef, Egypt, in this Aug. 27, 2005 file photo. Nour lost his parliamentary seat in Wednesday's elections to a candidate of the ruling National Democratic Party, the election committee said on Thursday, Nov. 11, 2005. (Shawn Baldwin/The New York Times)  (NYT53) NEW ORLEANS -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- NEW-ORLEANS-JOBS-3 -- Help wanted signs are posted throughout New Orleans in November 2005. Ten weeks after Katrina, government officials and business leaders worry that a scarcity of able-bodied workers is hampering New Orleans's recovery. In their desperation, they are using a variety of tactics to attract workers. (Robert Caplin/The New York Times)  (NYT52) NEW ORLEANS -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- NEW-ORLEANS-JOBS-2 -- Help wanted signs are posted throughout New Orleans in November 2005. Ten weeks after Katrina, government officials and business leaders worry that a scarcity of able-bodied workers is hampering New Orleans's recovery. In their desperation, they are using a variety of tactics to attract workers. (Robert Caplin/The New York Times)  (NYT51) HARVEY, La. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- NEW-ORLEANS-JOBS -- Donald T. Bollinger Jr., who runs a major shipyard in Harvey, La., says he turned away $700 million in contracts because he could not find enough workers. Ten weeks after Katrina, government officials and business leaders worry that a scarcity of able-bodied workers is hampering New Orleans's recovery. In their desperation, they are using a variety of tactics to attract workers. (Robert Caplin/The New York Times)  (NYT50) FLORENCE, Italy -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- ITALY-EROTIC-ART-2 -- Ornella Casazza, director of the Museo degli Argenti in Florence, Italy, is pictured on Oct. 12, 2005. Casazza is co-curator of a new exhibit on mythology and erotica. (Sandro Michahelles/The New York Times)  (NYT49) FLORENCE, Italy -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- ITALY-EROTIC-ART -- Visitors take in the exhibit on mythology and erotica Museo degli Argenti in Florence, Italy, on Oct. 17, 2005. At left is Love in the Golden Age by Paolo Flammingo, and at right, Bacchus and Ariadne by Luca Giordano. The show runs through May 15. (Sandro Michahelles/The New York Times)  (NYT48) NEW YORK -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- H&amp;M-MCCARTNEY -- Shoppers at a H&amp;M store in New York on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. H&amp;M, the Stockhom-based retailer that has brought its formula of quick and cheap fashion knockoffs to the United States, showed for a second time that customers will bang down the doors at the whiff of a designer bargain. They did so a year ago for inexpensive clothes by Karl Lagerfeld. And they did so again Thursday for the introduction of a collection by Stella McCartney, for which nearly 200 women were lined up at an H&amp;M branch on West 34th Street in Manhattan at 10 a.m. (Librado Romero/The New York Times)  (NYT47) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- ALITO-CONFIRM-2 -- Supreme Court nominee Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr., right, continues his rounds on Capitol Hill on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005, meeting with Senator Herb Kohl (D-Wisc.). Senate Democrats on Wednesday stepped up their scrutiny of Alito's role in a 2002 case that they say could pose a possible conflict of interest. (Stephen Crowley/The New York Times)  (NYT46) LONDON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- EU-MERGERS -- Ben Verwaayen, the chief executive of BT, at the Group's Headquaters in Central London, in Sept. 2005. Deal fever may be threatening to overtake the European telecommunications industry, but Verwaayen wants nothing to do with it. (Steve Forrest/The New York Times)  (NYT45) GREENWICH, Conn. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- REFCO-INTERACTIVE -- Chairman and founder of Interactive Brokers Group, Thomas Peterffy, in the Greenwich, Conn. offices of the company, Nov. 10, 2005. Peterffy, 61, built a multibillion-dollar business out of computer-based trading. The recent bidding for part of Refco, the commodities and futures brokerage giant, has thrown a rare spotlight on Peterffy's private brokerage and market-making firm, Interactive Brokers, based in Greenwich, Conn. (George Ruhe/The New York Times)  (NYT44) UNDATED -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- VOLVO-AD-COLUMN -- Volvo Drive for Life offers game players three virtual models. The game serves as a showcase for the Volvo nameplate, three Volvo models and the longtime Volvo brand identity as the car designed with safety foremost. Unlike most racing video games, which reward players for speed, Volvo Drive for Life encourages them to proceed judiciously by taking them through a training course at the Volvo proving grounds in Gothenburg, Sweden, before sending them out on famous highways to drive while avoiding accidents. (The New York Times)  ....FILE PHOTO (NYT43) CAIRO -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- EGYPT-ELECT -- Opposition leader Ayman Nour, President Hosni Mubarak's strongest political foe, in his home in Cairo in this Oct. 17, 2005 photo. Nour lost his parliamentary seat in Wednesday's elections to a candidate of the ruling National Democratic Party, the election committee said on Thursday, Nov. 11, 2005. (Shawn Baldwin/The New York Times)  (NYT42) AMMAN, Jordan, Iraq -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- JORDAN-TERROR-5 -- People take part in a candlelight vigil in front of the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Amman, Jordan, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Thousands of Jordanians staged protests in the heart of the capital Thursday against the terrorist bombings that killed 59 people and wounded about 100 when they ripped nearly simultaneously through three popular hotels on Wednesday night. (Shawn Baldwin/The New York Times)  (NYT41) NEW YORK -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- NY-BABY-COLIC -- Leonel Hernandez, who is of mixed Mexican, Scottish, German and Puerto Rican heritage, cries during a visit to the St. John's Family Health Center in the Queens borough of New York on Oct. 18, 2005. Nearly 200 languages are spoken in New York City, and in all of them, the wail of a colicky baby needs no translation. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times)  (NYT40) WOODSHOLE, Mass. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- SCI-SQUID-BOS -- Joe DeGiorgis just got inked by a squid at the Marine Biological Laboratory, in Woodshole, Mass., where he is working to map the genome of squid on Friday, Oct. 28, 2005. As a post-doctoral fellow at the National Institutes of Health who spends half the year working at the Marine Biological Laboratory in Woods Hole, DeGiorgis has other reasons for admiring these swimming mollusks. He and colleague J. Peter Burbach, a professor of molecular neuroscience at University Medical Center Utrecht in the Netherlands, are the minds behind the Squid Genome Project: a surprisingly successful attempt to map the squid's genetic thumbprint in the hopes that its secrets may help solve mysteries like Alzheimer's disease. (Suzanne Kreiter/The Boston Globe)  (NYT39) LIMA, Peru -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- PERU-FUJIMORI-3 -- Protestors chant slogans during a rally outside the Chilean Embassy in Lima, Peru, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Demonstrators called for the extradition of Fujimori, who is detained in neighboring Chile after his surprise reappearance in the region following a five-year exile in Japan and who faces charges in Peru of directing death squads and presiding over a voracious kleptocracy during his 10-year rule. (Ana Cecilia Conzalez Vigil/The New York Times)  (NYT38) LIMA, Peru -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- PERU-FUJIMORI-2 -- Masked demonstrators portraying, from left, former President Alberto Fujimori and his corrupt spymaster, Vladimiro Montesinos, take part in a rally outside the Chilean Embassy in Lima, Peru, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Demonstrators called for the extradition of Fujimori, who is detained in neighboring Chile after his surprise reappearance in the region following a five-year exile in Japan and who faces charges in Peru of directing death squads and presiding over a voracious kleptocracy during his 10-year rule. (Ana Cecilia Conzalez Vigil/The New York Times)  (NYT37) LIMA, Peru -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- PERU-FUJIMORI -- An elderly woman shakes her fist at a masked demonstrator portraying former President Alberto Fujimori during a rally outside the Chilean Embassy in Lima, Peru, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Demonstrators called for the extradition of Fujimori, who is detained in neighboring Chile after his surprise reappearance in the region following a five-year exile in Japan and who faces charges in Peru of directing death squads and presiding over a voracious kleptocracy during his 10-year rule. (Ana Cecilia Conzalez Vigil/The New York Times)  (NYT36) NEW YORK -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- NY-TRAFFIC -- Cars inch along East 37th Street near Lexington Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. It is an idea that has been successful in London, and is now being whispered around City Hall after months of behind-the-scenes work: congestion pricing. (Robert Caplin/The New York Times)  (NYT35) DANVILLE, Calif. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- DESTINATION-CLUBS-5 -- Guy Hale of Danville, Calif., a member of the Markers, says that golf is big part of vacationing for him. Danville outside his home on Saturday, Nov. 5, 2005. In a new twist on destination clubs, those high-end equivalents of time shares, are getting even more specialized. Instead of offering members a portfolio of fancy vacation homes at spots ranging from beach resorts to midtown Manhattan, the newest clubs are basing their offerings on a single theme. (Peter DaSilva/The New York Times)  (NYT34) SEATTLE -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- DESTINATION-CLUBS-4 -- Van and Wendy Katzman, shown with their son, Jack in November 2005, joined Signature Destinations, which has properties near their Seattle home. The club offers properties near major cities where its members live. In a new twist on destination clubs, those high-end equivalents of time shares, are getting even more specialized. Instead of offering members a portfolio of fancy vacation homes at spots ranging from beach resorts to midtown Manhattan, the newest clubs are basing their offerings on a single theme. (Peter Yates/The New York Times)  (NYT33) BURGUNDY, France -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- DESTINATION-CLUBS-3 -- A chateau in Burgundy, France is available to members of the Vintner's Club. In a new twist on destination clubs, those high-end equivalents of time shares, are getting even more specialized. Instead of offering members a portfolio of fancy vacation homes at spots ranging from beach resorts to midtown Manhattan, the newest clubs are basing their offerings on a single theme. (Courtesy of the Vintner's Club/The New York Times)  (NYT32) SAN JUAN, Wash. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- DESTINATION-CLUBS-2 -- The entrance to a farm house on San Juan, Wash., owned by Signature Destinations Club. The club offers properties near major cities where its members live. In a new twist on destination clubs, those high-end equivalents of time shares, are getting even more specialized. Instead of offering members a portfolio of fancy vacation homes at spots ranging from beach resorts to midtown Manhattan, the newest clubs are basing their offerings on a single theme. (Signature Destinations Club/The New York Times)  (NYT31) UNDATED -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- DESTINATION-CLUBS -- Anglers are the target market for FlyFishing Destinations, which so far doesn't have its own places for members to use. In a new twist on destination clubs, those high-end equivalents of time shares, are getting even more specialized. Instead of offering members a portfolio of fancy vacation homes at spots ranging from beach resorts to midtown Manhattan, the newest clubs are basing their offerings on a single theme. (FlyFishing Destinations/The New York Times)  (NYT30) NEW YORK -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- TIMES-APPOINT -- New York Times Co. on on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005, named Roland A. Caputo, a circulation manager, as chief financial officer of its flagship newspaper to replace Liam J. Carlos, who becomes the daily's controller. Caputo in a portrait taken Thursday at the newspaper. (Robert Caplin/The New York Times)  (NYT29) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- CONGRESS-SPEND-2 -- Rep. Tom DeLay (R-Texas) speaks to reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Unable to ensure a majority for a contentious budget-cutting bill even after jettisoning a plan for oil drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, House Republican leaders Thursday afternoon pulled back from a floor debate. (Stephen Crowley/The New York Times)  (NYT28) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- CONGRESS-SPEND -- Rep. Tom DeLay (R-Texas) speaks to reporters on Capitol Hill in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Unable to ensure a majority for a contentious budget-cutting bill even after jettisoning a plan for oil drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge, House Republican leaders Thursday afternoon pulled back from a floor debate. (Stephen Crowley/The New York Times)  (NYT27) UNDATED -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- COUNTRY-STYLE-3 -- From left, LeAnn Rimes, 1996 and LeAnn Rimes, 2005. As country music has gone mainstream in the last decade, so has its style. This gussying up of country means that New York City is not in danger of a stampede of cowboy boots and bolo ties when the Country Music Awards arrive at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday, after 38 years in Nashville, where it began in 1967. (The New York Times)..STORY MOVED ON WEDNESDY, NOV. 9, 2005..  (NYT26) UNDATED -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- COUNTRY-STYLE-2 -- From left, Martina McBride, 1999 and Martina McBride, 2005. As country music has gone mainstream in the last decade, so has its style. This gussying up of country means that New York City is not in danger of a stampede of cowboy boots and bolo ties when the Country Music Awards arrive at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday, after 38 years in Nashville, where it began in 1967. (The New York Times)..STORY MOVED ON WEDNESDY, NOV. 9, 2005..  (NYT25) UNDATED -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- COUNTRY-STYLE -- From left, Faith Hill, 1993 and Faith Hill, 2002. As country music has gone mainstream in the last decade, so has its style. This gussying up of country means that New York City is not in danger of a stampede of cowboy boots and bolo ties when the Country Music Awards arrive at Madison Square Garden on Tuesday, after 38 years in Nashville, where it began in 1967. (The New York Times)..STORY MOVED ON WEDNESDY, NOV. 9, 2005..  (NYT24) COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- MOON-HIKES -- Linda Luddington, Wynne Whyman and Chris Macur on the Seven Bridges Trail near Colorado Springs, Colo., in May 2005. Away from cities and fluorescent bulbs, the brightness of the moon on a clear night can be startling, and organizers of moon hikes say they fill up quickly. Those held in summer and fall at Bryce Canyon National Park in Utah sell out within five minutes. (Kevin Moloney/The New York Times)  (NYT23) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- ALITO-CONFIRM -- Supreme Court nominee Judge Samuel A. Alito Jr. gestures during a visit with Sen. Mel Martinez (R-Fla.) on Capitol Hill in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Senate Democrats on Wednesday stepped up their scrutiny of Supreme Court nominee Samuel Alito's role in a 2002 case that they say could pose a possible conflict of interest. (Stephen Crowley/The New York Times)  ....STANDALONE PHOTO (NYT22) NEW YORK -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- NY-CHRISTMAS-TREE -- The Rockefeller Center Christmas tree is hoisted into place in midtown Manhattan on Thursday, Nov. 11, 2005. The 74-foot-tall Norway spruce is Rockefeller Center's 73rd Christmas tree. (Robert Caplin/The New York Times)  (NYT21) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- IRAQ-U.S.-POLICY-3 -- Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona) speaks to the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. McCain, a major backer of the Iraq war, said the Bush administration must make broad changes in its strategy to confront the insurgency in Iraq, and commit more troops and resources to the effort. (Doug Mills/The New York Times)  (NYT20) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- IRAQ-U.S.-POLICY-2 -- Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona) takes a question after his address to the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. McCain, a major backer of the Iraq war, said the Bush administration must make broad changes in its strategy to confront the insurgency in Iraq, and commit more troops and resources to the effort. (Doug Mills/The New York Times)  (NYT19) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- IRAQ-U.S.-POLICY -- Sen. John McCain (R-Arizona) speaks to the American Enterprise Institute for Public Policy Research in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. McCain, a major backer of the Iraq war, said the Bush administration must make broad changes in its strategy to confront the insurgency in Iraq, and commit more troops and resources to the effort. (Doug Mills/The New York Times)  (NYT18) WASHIGNTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- BERNANKE-CONFIRM -- From left, Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) chats with Ben Bernanke, President Bush's pick to head the Federal Reserve, after their meeting on Capitol Hill on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Schumer later told reporters that Bernanke will likely be confirmed by the Senate for the post. (Stephen Crowley/The New York Times)  (NYT17) AMMAN, Jordan, Iraq -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- JORDAN-TERROR-4 -- People take part in a candlelight vigil outside the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Amman, Jordan, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Thousands of Jordanians staged protests in the heart of the capital Thursday against the terrorist bombings that killed 59 people and wounded about 100 when they ripped nearly simultaneously through three popular hotels on Wednesday night. (Shawn Baldwin/The New York Times)  (NYT16) OCRACOKE, N.C. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- OUTER-BANKS-AUTUMN-3 -- The 1823 lighthouse and Silver Lake Harbor seem permanent, but the future for Ocracoke, N.C., and other storm-vulnerable barrier islands is always in doubt. The North Beach erodes by about 10 feet a year. When the folks who live year round in North Carolina's Outer Banks want to get away, they go to Ocracoke and the village which hugs the shores of Silver Lake. In season, the tiny village is clogged with cars, boats, and tourists. But in Spring and Fall it simply feels like a friendly maritime community. Charming to walk or bicycle through and enjoy the views, small shops, and excellent restaurants. And, of course, the charter boats for fishing and offshore excursions. (Jenny Warburg/The New York Times)  (NYT15) OCRACOKE, N.C. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- OUTER-BANKS-AUTUMN-2 -- With the summer boat crowd gone, there's room for sunbathing on the dock at Silver Lake Harbor in Ocracoke, N.C. Fishing is also big on the island, especially in the fall. When the folks who live year round in North Carolina's Outer Banks want to get away, they go to Ocracoke and the village which hugs the shores of Silver Lake. In season, the tiny village is clogged with cars, boats, and tourists. But in Spring and Fall it simply feels like a friendly maritime community. Charming to walk or bicycle through and enjoy the views, small shops, and excellent restaurants. And, of course, the charter boats for fishing and offshore excursions. (Jenny Warburg/The New York Times)  (NYT14) OCRACOKE, N.C. -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- OUTER-BANKS-AUTUMN -- Ocracoke, N.C., which bulges under the burden of 7,000 summer residents, has a year-round population of 750. When the folks who live year round in North Carolina's Outer Banks want to get away, they go to Ocracoke and the village which hugs the shores of Silver Lake. In season, the tiny village is clogged with cars, boats, and tourists. But in Spring and Fall it simply feels like a friendly maritime community. Charming to walk or bicycle through and enjoy the views, small shops, and excellent restaurants. And, of course, the charter boats for fishing and offshore excursions. (Jenny Warburg/The New York Times)  ....EDS: STANDALONE PHOTO (NYT13) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- CONGRESS-DEMS -- U.S. Rep. Rahm Emanuel (D-Il.) shares a quiet word with Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid ((D-Nev.) as Democratic National Committee Chairman Howard Dean speaks to reporters in Washington on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Democratic leaders talked about results of Tuesday's elections and their plans to gain a majority in the House and Senate next year. (Stephen Crowley/The New York Times)  (NYT12) AMMAN, Jordan, Iraq -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- JORDAN-TERROR-3 -- People take part in a cadlelight vigil in front of the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Amman, Jordan, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Thousands of Jordanians staged protests in the heart of the capital Thursday against the terrorist bombings that killed 59 people and wounded about 100 when they ripped nearly simultaneously through three popular hotels on Wednesday night. (Shawn Baldwin/The New York Times)  (NYT11) AMMAN, Jordan, Iraq -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- JORDAN-TERROR-2 -- People take part in a candlelight vigil in front of the Radisson SAS Hotel in Amman, Jordan, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Thousands of Jordanians staged protests in the heart of the capital Thursday against the terrorist bombings that killed 59 people and wounded about 100 when they ripped nearly simultaneously through three popular hotels on Wednesday night. (Shawn Baldwin/The New York Times)  (NYT10) AMMAN, Jordan, Iraq -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- JORDAN-TERROR -- A man takes part in a cnadlelight vigil in front of the Grand Hyatt Hotel in Amman, Jordan, on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. Thousands of Jordanians staged protests in the heart of the capital Thursday against the terrorist bombings that killed 59 people and wounded about 100 when they ripped nearly simultaneously through three popular hotels on Wednesday night. (Shawn Baldwin/The New York Times)  (NYT9) UNDATED -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- ANCIENT-CROCODILE-2 -- Paleontologists report the finding of the skull of a 13-foot-long crocodile, seen at bottom, that swam off Patagonia 135 million years ago. It was not the largest of all crocodiles. But unlike today's long-snouted version, this one had a stout head and its teeth were big and serrated, designed to tear out chunks of flesh from other large creatures. At top, a computer generated model showing what the creature may have looked like. (National Geographic Society) FOR ONE TIME EDITORIAL USE ONLY - MAGS OUT/NO SALES - - NO ARCHIVES  (NYT8) NEW YORK -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- SOUVENIR-THEATER-REVIEW-2 -- Donald Corren and Judy Kaye at the Lyceum Theater in New York on Friday, October 28, 2005. Stephen Temperley's Souvenir, the sweet but none-too-short love letter of a play that opened last night at the Lyceum Theater, is a portrait of a lady who became a legend for singing badly, after all. For her to make anything approaching a pretty sound would be blasphemy to the cultists who continue to worship at the shrine of the real woman named Florence Foster Jenkins (1868-1944). (Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)  (NYT7) NEW YORK -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- SOUVENIR-THEATER-REVIEW -- Judy Kaye as Florence Foster Jenkins in Souvenir, at the Lyceum Theater in New York on Friday, October 28, 2005. Stephen Temperley's Souvenir, the sweet but none-too-short love letter of a play that opened last night at the Lyceum Theater, is a portrait of a lady who became a legend for singing badly, after all. For her to make anything approaching a pretty sound would be blasphemy to the cultists who continue to worship at the shrine of the real woman named Jenkins (1868-1944). (Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)  (NYT6) UNDATED -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- ANCIENT-CROCODILE -- Paleontologists report the finding of the skull of a 13-foot-long crocodile, seen at bottom, that swam off Patagonia 135 million years ago. It was not the largest of all crocodiles. But unlike today's long-snouted version, this one had a stout head and its teeth were big and serrated, designed to tear out chunks of flesh from other large creatures. At top, a computer generated model showing what the creature may have looked like. (National Geographic Society) FOR ONE TIME EDITORIAL USE ONLY - MAGS OUT/NO SALES - - NO ARCHIVES  (NYT5) UNDATED -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- ANTIQUES-COLUMN -- The frontispiece portrait of the poet Phillis Wheatley, from her book Poems on Various Subjects, Religious and Moral, published in 1773. The piece is part of a new exhibition on slavery at the New-York Historical Society. (Courtesy of Swann Auction Galleries/The New York Times)....ONLY FOR USE WITH STORY BY WENDY MOONAN SLUGGED: ANTIQUES-COLUMN. ALL OTHER USE PROHIBITED.  ....EDS.: PLEASE NOTE GRAPHIC CONTENT (NYT4) BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- IRAQ-3 -- A pool of blood stains a table in a restaurant in Baghdad following a suicide bomb attack on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. A man wearing a suicide bomb belt walked into a bustling breakfast restaurant in the heart of the capital Thursday morning and blew himself up, killing at least 29 people and wounding 30, many of them police officers, officials said. (Joao Silva/The New York Times)  (NYT3) BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- IRAQ-2 -- A body is carried from the scene of a bombing in Baghdad on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. A man wearing a suicide bomb belt walked into a bustling breakfast restaurant in the heart of the capital Thursday morning and blew himself up, killing at least 29 people and wounding 30, many of them police officers, officials said. (Joao Silva/The New York Times)  (NYT2) BAGHDAD, Iraq -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- IRAQ -- An Iraqi soldier stands guard at the scene of a bombing in Baghdad on Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005. A man wearing a suicide bomb belt walked into a bustling breakfast restaurant in the heart of the capital Thursday morning and blew himself up, killing at least 29 people and wounding 30, many of them police officers, officials said. (Joao Silva/The New York Times)  (NYT1) WASHINGTON -- Nov. 10, 2005 -- BUSH-JORDAN-TERROR -- President Bush comments on the bombings in Amman, Jordan, during a meeting in the Oval office with President Ali Abdullah Saleh of Yemen, Thursday, Nov. 10, 2005 at the White House in Washington. Bush said he had telephoned King Abdullah of Jordan to offer condolences. (Doug Mills/The New York Times)  Sales information:  NORTH AMERICA  For information on one-shot purchases and inquiries about subscriptions in the U.S. and Canada call our sales office at: (800) 535-4425 </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20051110.0278 type=story > <HEADLINE> WILLIS RUNNER-UP IN CY YOUNG VOTING </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200511.gz"
"159644"	"they"	"maintain"	" State officials say that the systems will monitor large clusters of phones, not individual ones, and that the benefits could be substantial. By providing a constantly updated picture of traffic flow across thousands of miles of highways, they maintain, cell phone tracking can help transportation agencies spot congestion and divert drivers by issuing radio alerts or updating electronic road signs. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200511.gz"
"167654"	"they"	"maintain"	" No personal information is stored or tracked, they maintain, and the program is devised to protect employees from being left jobless while waiting for a green light from the system. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200606.gz"
"172445"	"they"	"maintain"	" Students here at Gallaudet have complained that Fernandes, who learned to sign only when she was 23, does not communicate well in American Sign Language -- a point the university disputes -- and that she has permitted professors who cannot sign well to continue teaching, putting students at a disadvantage at the one institution where, they maintain, they should not suffer for being deaf. These students, forced to lip read, may not catch every word. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200610.gz"
"173267"	"they"	"maintain"	" Like White, Harris' defenders draw a distinction between the folklore and the film. In making a family entertainment, they maintain, Disney oversimplified the characters and lost the layers of irony that had made them more complicated in print. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200611.gz"
