"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"4902"	"they"	"prevailed"	" Indeed, the Froehlichs, owners of the Ace Wire Springs and Forms Co. in Pittsburgh, had a tough time convincing the Patent Office examiner that their invention was novel enough to receive a patent. After taking their case to the agency's board of appeals, they prevailed, receiving a patent this summer, nine years after application. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199409.gz"
"99193"	"he"	"prevailed"	" After a decadelong power struggle marked by occasional violence, he prevailed, and in 1987 was endorsed by Shenandoah as Wolf Clan representative. By the early 1990s, the Oneida leaders representing the two other clans had died, leaving Halbritter as the sole representative. In 1993, he signed a casino compact with Gov. Mario M. Cuomo without formal consent from his people. By then, he and his aunt had had a falling out. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200110.gz"
"116109"	"we"	"prevailed"	" ``In the end, we prevailed,'' he said. ``You have to trust the process and know that in the end, it will vindicate you.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_200205.gz"
"136001"	"she"	"prevailed"	" The untapped attics in St. Petersburg represent roughly 10 million square feet of potential living space, according to the city's Architecture Committee, which oversees construction and has given its blessing to reclamation. At first the State Committee for Historical Preservation, which enforces the city's zoning rules, opposed attic reclamation, forcing Bailey to make repeated requests for permission to make changes, she said. In the end, she prevailed, partly with the help of lawyers. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200301.gz"
"139813"	"they"	"prevailed"	" Marc R. Masferrer is editor of The Lufkin Daily News. E-mail: mmasferrercoxnews.com </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20040712.0162 type=multi > <HEADLINE> EARLY-FRONTPAGE-NYT </HEADLINE> <TEXT> Here are the stories New York Times editors are planning for Page 1, Tuesday, July 13. The NYT frontpage advisory, with layout description, will move by 7:30 p.m. ET. The night supervisor for The New York Times News Service is Pat Ryan; phone: 888-346-9867 or 212-556-1927; e-mail: patryannytimes.com.  MORGAN-DISCRIM (New York) -- Minutes away from hearing a lawyer for the government tell jurors how Morgan Stanley had discriminated against the women it employed, officials of the company agreed to pay as much as $54 million to end the trial before it started. The settlement is the first the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has reached with a major Wall Street firm. By settling, Morgan Stanley averted the risk of having the commission prove that the firm, one of the most prestigious investment banks, had denied equal pay and promotions to women. Judge Richard Berman and lawyers for the commission said the agreement would make Morgan Stanley, and Wall Street in general, more hospitable workplaces for women. By Patrick McGeehan.  BUSH (Oak Ridge, Tenn.) -- President Bush said Monday that the invasion of Iraq was the right thing to do even though no banned weapons have been found there and asserted that his efforts to combat terrorists and the spread of unconventional munitions are showing progress and making Americans safer. Setting out a broad defense of his administration's military and diplomatic actions since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Bush made a case that invading Iraq was necessary and worthwhile despite the growing doubts about the intelligence used to assess the threat posed by Saddam Hussein and his government. By Richard W. Stevenson.  An early lede has moved.  SCI-CHOLESTEROL (Undated) -- Federal health officials on Monday sharply reduced the desired levels of cholesterol for Americans who are at moderate to high risk for heart disease. The new recommendations call for intensive drug treatment for millions of Americans who had thought their cholesterol levels were fine. They suggest that for people at moderate to high risk, the target level of LDL, the cholesterol associated with an increased risk of heart disease, should be 100 or less -- 30 points lower than was previously recommended. The advice for people at very low risk, for whom drugs are rarely prescribed, remains unchanged. By Gina Kolata.  BUSH-LOGGING (Washington) -- The Bush administration on Monday proposed scuttling a Clinton-era rule that put nearly 60 million acres of national forest largely off-limits to logging, mining or other development, in favor of a new system that leaves it to state governors to seek greater -- or in some cases, fewer -- strictures on the construction of logging, mining, recreational or other roads on forest land. By Felicity Barringer.  With photos, NYT7-9.  LEXINGTON-PAPER (Lexington, Ky.) -- The small groups of courteous, neatly dressed demonstrators, white and black, gathered each week in the late 1950s and early 1960s to protest this city's racially segregated lunch counters, hotels and theaters. They were spit on, cursed at, shoved, threatened, pelted with food and occasionally arrested. But over time, they prevailed, and Jim Crow died a slow death here. But the local newspapers -- The Herald and The Leader -- buried stories about the protests, when they covered them at all. If Lexington's papers were typical of their times, their merged descendant, The Herald-Leader, did an untypical thing on July 4: it apologized, with a front page article, and previously unpublished photos. The paper, now part of the Knight-Ridder chain, thus joined a number of major newspapers, including The New York Times and The Los Angeles Times, in publishing major stories that attempt to atone for slipshod coverage. But in reaching back four decades, The Herald-Leader went one step further, setting a precedent that some historians and journalism experts believe could be repeated at many other Southern newspapers that played down or distorted coverage of the civil rights movement. By James Dao.  With photo.  CHINA-YACHTS (Zongshan, China) -- On a site on the banks of the Pearl River where there used to be a duck farm, some carp ponds and a row of moldering plywood huts, a long, towering factory building opened on July 4 to manufacture a product for which no market exists in China: large luxury yachts. The project is emblematic of the country's restless drive upmarket: having mastered the manufacture of many inexpensive goods for the masses, China now wants to cater to the bourgeois elites that its leaders once claimed to despise. But it also highlights some of the many reasons that China is still, well, China: The people who can afford a yacht are the ones least likely to want to be seen owning one, for fear of attracting unwanted attention from tax and fraud investigators. By Keith Bradsher.  With graphic.  (Editors: Budgets and advisories are internal documents not for publication or redistribution outside of client news organizations. Unauthorized use of budgets and advisories constitutes a violation of our contract terms. All clients receive all budgets, but only full-service clients receive all stories. Please check your level of service to determine which stories you will receive.) </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20040712.0163 type=story > <HEADLINE> DOWNGRADE OF CHIP MAKERS MUFFLES MARKET </HEADLINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200407.gz"
"139822"	"they"	"prevailed"	" But the patients also come to realize they have only two choices: change or stay miserable. The woman whom Linehan treated, for example, said she saw the treatment as her only hope. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20040712.0205 type=multi > <HEADLINE> FRONTPAGE-NYT </HEADLINE> <TEXT> Here are the stories New York Times editors are planning for Page 1, Tuesday, July 13. The night supervisor for The New York Times News Service is Pat Ryan; phone: 888-346-9867 or 212-556-1927; e-mail: patryannytimes.com.  MORGAN-DISCRIM (New York) -- Minutes away from hearing a lawyer for the government tell jurors how Morgan Stanley had discriminated against the women it employed, officials of the company agreed to pay as much as $54 million to end the trial before it started. The settlement is the first the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission has reached with a major Wall Street firm. By Patrick McGeehan. (The story is scheduled to move by 9 p.m. ET in f news file.)  BUSH (Oak Ridge, Tenn.) -- President Bush said Monday that the invasion of Iraq was the right thing to do even though no banned weapons have been found there and asserted that his efforts to combat terrorists and the spread of unconventional munitions are showing progress and making Americans safer. Setting out a broad defense of his administration's military and diplomatic actions since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, Bush made a case that invading Iraq was necessary. By Richard W. Stevenson. (EDS: an early version of this story has moved; the 1stLd-Writethru is scheduled to move by 9 p.m. ET in p news file.)  FOLD  BUSH-LOGGING (Washington) -- The Bush administration on Monday proposed scuttling a Clinton-era rule that put nearly 60 million acres of national forest largely off-limits to logging, mining or other development, in favor of a new system that leaves it to state governors to seek greater -- or in some cases, fewer -- strictures on the construction of logging, mining, recreational or other roads on forest land. By Felicity Barringer. (Scheduled to move by 8:30 p.m. ET in w news file.)  With photos, NYT7-9.  SCI-CHOLESTEROL (Undated) -- Federal health officials on Monday sharply reduced the desired levels of cholesterol for Americans who are at moderate to high risk for heart disease. The new recommendations call for intensive drug treatment for millions of Americans who had thought their cholesterol levels were fine. They suggest that for people at moderate to high risk, the target level of LDL, the cholesterol associated with an increased risk of heart disease, should be 100 or less -- 30 points lower than was previously recommended. The advice for people at very low risk, for whom drugs are rarely prescribed, remains unchanged. By Gina Kolata. (Scheduled to move by 9 p.m. ET in a news file.)  Reefer to: IRAQ-ZARQAWI (Scheduled to move by 8 p.m. ET in i news file.)  BOTTOM  CHINA-YACHTS (Zongshan, China) -- On a site on the banks of the Pearl River where there used to be a duck farm, some carp ponds and a row of moldering plywood huts, a long, towering factory building opened on July 4 to manufacture a product for which no market exists in China: large luxury yachts. The project is emblematic of the country's restless drive upmarket: having mastered the manufacture of many inexpensive goods for the masses, China now wants to cater to the bourgeois elites that its leaders once claimed to despise. But it also highlights some of the many reasons that China is still, well, China. By Keith Bradsher. (Scheduled to move by 8 p.m. ET in f news file.)  With graphic.  LEXINGTON-PAPER (Lexington, Ky.) -- The small groups of courteous demonstrators, white and black, gathered each week in the late 1950s and early 1960s to protest this city's racially segregated lunch counters, hotels and theaters. They were spit on, cursed at, shoved, threatened, pelted with food and occasionally arrested. But over time, they prevailed, and Jim Crow died a slow death here. But the local newspapers -- The Herald and The Leader -- buried stories about the protests, when they covered them at all. If Lexington's papers were typical of their times, their merged descendant, The Herald-Leader, did an untypical thing on July 4: it apologized, with a front page article, and previously unpublished photos. By James Dao. (Scheduled to move by 9 p.m. ET in a news file.)  (Editors: Budgets and advisories are internal documents not for publication or redistribution outside of client news organizations. Unauthorized use of budgets and advisories constitutes a violation of our contract terms. All clients receive all budgets, but only full-service clients receive all stories. Please check your level of service to determine which stories you will receive.) </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20040712.0206 type=story > <HEADLINE> RUN-IN HAS CREWS SORTING OUT ANGER </HEADLINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200407.gz"
"139841"	"they"	"prevailed"	" LEXINGTON-PAPER (Lexington, Ky.) -- The small groups of courteous demonstrators, white and black, gathered each week in the late 1950s and early 1960s to protest this city's racially segregated lunch counters, hotels and theaters. They were spit on, cursed at, shoved, threatened, pelted with food and occasionally arrested. But over time, they prevailed, and Jim Crow died a slow death here. But the local newspapers -- The Herald and The Leader -- buried stories about the protests, when they covered them at all. If Lexington's papers were typical of their times, their merged descendant, The Herald-Leader, did an untypical thing on July 4: it apologized, with a front page article, and previously unpublished photos. By James Dao. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200407.gz"
