"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"76740"	"I"	"rebounded"	" Shaq in the top 50 of all time? What Einsteins decided that? (Fortunately, colleague Bob Ryan was not among those who made such an erroneous selection.) In five years, Shaq may well be among the game's great ones, deserving of such recognition. But after four years in the NBA, and having his team swept from the playoffs in three straight seasons, does this guy qualify for a spot among the top 50 ever? No way. Penny Hardaway deserved it more than O'Neal. But O'Neal wasn't the only name that sparked controversy and criticism. How, for instance, did Clyde Drexler make it and not Dennis Johnson?You want a 2-guard for the battle of society as we know it? I'll take DJ over Drexler any day. Another significant omission? Bob Lanier. No, he may not be an automatic, but he had a more significant career than Shaq has had. Or David Robinson,for that matter. (Lanier, by the way, was the only ``pure'' player who was given a vote and not selected to the team.) Patrick Ewing at least made it to the Finals _ once _ but other than that, what has he ever done? Gus Johnson also was a tough omission, as was Bob McAdoo,who, true Celtics fans remember, was a force with Buffalo in the 1970s. He was the only former MVP who did not make the list. Bernard King? What about Adrian Dantley,who at 6 feet 3 inches redefined the position of small forward and posted up against anyone, even Kevin McHale. No one thought for a second about Reggie Theus,who happens to be one of four players with 19,000 points and 6,000 assists. The others are Oscar Robertson,Jerry West and John Havlicek. Incidentally, 26 of the 50 players selected spent their entire careers with one team. The player with the most teams? Moses Malone, who had eight, six in the NBA ... Speaking of the Big 5-0, Bill Russell was on hand when the team was announced and was asked to compare Dennis Rodman to himself and Wilt Chamberlain as a rebounder and an entertainer? ``He's an entertainer, no doubt about that,'' Russell said. ``As for rebounding, he's adequate (smile). He's a good rebounder, but to compare him with Wilt and myself is an error. For example, I rebounded, blocked shots, scored 15 points a game, set picks, ran plays and was completely involved in every phase of our offensive and defensive game plan. I never once said, `I'm going to go out and get 25 rebounds tonight.' If I did, it was just part of my whole game. One night, Wilt had 55 rebounds. I had 51. I had (many) games in the 40s. The rebounds were just part of my game. They weren't the total focus.'' ... The Bulls brought in former Celtic Thomas Hamilton for a tryout. They would rather have worked him out in the summer, when contracts do not have to be signed, but instead got him into training camp. Then, Hamilton, still a svelte 360 pounds, pulled a groin and the Bulls were forced to put him on the injured list. ``You can't cut a guy who's hurt,'' said Bulls GM Jerry Krause. ``He's a big, strong kid who hasn't found himself yet and needs a lot of work.'' Translation: Better take a while to cure that groin, Tom ... Jordan is a happy man these days for more reasons than you might expect: His minor-league manager, Terry Francona,is the new top man with the Phillies. (Think Mike will have any problem getting tickets when the Phils come to Wrigley? Then again, think Mike has a problem getting any tickets to anything he wants?) ``He and Phil (Jackson)have a lot in common, except for all that Zen-Buddhism stuff,'' Jordan cracked. ``In terms of rapport with players, they are a lot alike. I'm really happy for him. He's going to need time and they are going to have to be patient with him, but the players will really respect him if they give him the time and the chance. I just really like the way he deals with people. He was always straight with me.'' ... M.L. Carr continues to be a target for just about everyone, but he enjoys shooting back at Peter Vecsey of the New York Post. Carr still is having fun with Vecsey's incident during last year's Finals, when the writer was charged with fourth-degree assault, a misdemeanor. ``When he moves into your neighborhood, do you have to call the neighbors and tell them that a dangerous man is in the area?'' Carr added he was going to print up some ``Free Peter Vecsey'' T-shirts as well. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199611.gz"
"151242"	"they"	"rebounded"	" As late as the 10:49 mark of the second half, they were still ahead by just a point (50-49). But in the final 10 minutes, the Illini played like a No. 1 team. They moved the ball, they rebounded, and they defended. They played with great alertness and intelligence, and there was no question who was who. Louisville coach Rick Pitino sat and watched most of those final 10 minutes. He didn't guess that his team had no chance: He knew. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200504.gz"
