"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"5951"	"she"	"recounted"	" The morning after the attack, Ms. Coughlin said, she talked with her superior, Rear Adm. Jack Snyder, at breakfast about the incident. He replied, she recounted, `` `Well, that's what you get for going down a hallway of a bunch of drunken aviators.' </P> "	"nyt_eng_199410.gz"
"11998"	"she"	"recounted"	" Belanger then applied another good idea in career research -- watching professionals at work in a field that interested her. She visited classrooms, she recounted, adding, ``I found that I loved special education.'' She now teaches in that field. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199501.gz"
"31377"	"she"	"recounted"	" Instead, she traveled to Berlin twice and read a dozen history books to piece the novel together. Reading biographies and histories, at any rate, is one of her few other avocations, in the little time left after writing. Her mother, she recounted, was a voracious reader who gave her her love of books, and her father was ``a great raconteur; he could really tell a story.'' That's where she feels she received her storytelling abilities. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199508.gz"
"42104"	"she"	"recounted"	" But German charity has its limits, said Fadila Memisevic, a Bosnian human rights campaigner here. When she was distributing pamphlets in Bavaria about human rights abuses in Bosnia, she recounted, many people responded with a lack of interest and even animosity. ``That hurt,'' she said. ``It hurts when all the bloodshed is reduced to a change of TV channels.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_199512.gz"
"48781"	"he"	"recounted"	" Then, he recounted, a few months after Toober &AMP; Zots made their debut in the specialty stores, imitations began appearing in discount warehouse stores. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"102046"	"she"	"recounted"	" Saturday choir practice at school had broken up just after dark and she proceeded to hitch a ride, a routine and generally safe practice in this rural area. A male classmate stood with her until she got a ride from a man in a bakery delivery van. But once under way, she recounted, ``He said I must go to town with him.'' </P> "	"nyt_eng_200111.gz"
"120611"	"he"	"recounted"	" He was so intimidated, he recounted, that he agreed to turn over $700,000, although investigators are still trying to trace the money. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200207.gz"
"120613"	"he"	"recounted"	" With plate umpire Jim Joyce showing an inclination to call anything within the same area code a strike, both pitchers had an advantage. But Lowe's night was made longer than Halladay's mostly by Jose Cruz, who tripled and hit a two-run home run off Lowe, then added an RBI double off reliever Tim Wakefield. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020712.0329 type=advis > <DATELINE> 07-12-02 22:35:00EDT (BC-PHOTO-UPDATE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> ATTENTION EDITORS:  All photos and graphics from the New York Times News Service are available at nytimages.com. Clients who have a photo account with the Wieck Database can use the same username and password to access the images.  There is no charge for browsing. But if you would like more information on establishing an account to download art from nytimages.com at a special rate, please call us at (212) 556-4204.  Our report has also moved to Newscom and via AP PhotoExpress.  The following photos have been sent as part of the New York Times photo package for Friday, July 12, 2002.  (NYT33) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- SEAGAL-MOB-2 -- Steven Seagal, the action film star cited as a Mafia extortion target, has told investigators that after he stopped working with his longtime producer, Julius R. Nasso, after he was ordered into a car in Brooklyn last year and taken to a restaurant where he was threatened by mobsters, officials and lawyers involved in the case say. He was so intimidated, he recounted, that he agreed to turn over $700,000, although investigators are still trying to trace the money. Gage &amp; Tollner, a landmark restaurant in downtown Brooklyn, where Seagal said he was taken. (Fred R. Conrad/The New York Times)  (NYT32) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- FEDERAL-DEFICIT -- The Bush administration said Friday that the federal government would run a deficit of $165 billion this year, a sharp turn for the worse after four years of surpluses and further evidence of how the stock market's long slide is rippling through the economy.On Friday, Douglas Durst, a New York developer, has restarted the ``national debt clock'' on Avenue of the Americas and 42nd Street. (Michael Nagle/The New York Times)  (NYT31) ALMATY, Kazakhstan -- July 12, 2002 -- KAZAK-JOURNALIST -- Irena Petrushova, 36, editor of the Respublika newspaper, at her offices in Almaty, Kazakhstan. In a nation where serious criticism of authorities is still taboo, Respublika has uncovered scandals: the disappearance of millions set aside for Almaty's airport; the awarding of oil rights to groups close to a presidential relative; a damning report that the police emptied a planeload of school-vacation tourists so that a Nazarbayev daughter could fly in solitude. (James Hill/The New York Times) MAGS OUT--NO SALESLITE  (NYT30) INGLEWOOD, Calif. -- July 12, 2002 -- CALIF-POLICE-PROTESTS-3 -- Civil rights activist Martin Luther King III speaks to protesters during a demonstration calling for the firing of Inglewood police officer Jeremy Morse, in front of the Inglewood police station, Friday. A videotaped arrest last Saturday shows a police officer slamming Donovan Jackson, 16, onto a car and punching him. The incident is being investigated by a grand jury. Man in foreground at left is unidentified. (Monica Almeida/The New York Times)  (NYT29) UNDATED -- July 12, 2002 -- POSTMODERNISM-DEBATE -- ``Are you now or have you ever been a postmodernist?'' With that ominous echo of McCarthyism, Stanley Fish, postmodern provocateur and dean of the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences at the University of Illinois at Chicago, begins his defense of postmodernism in a symposium in the summer issue of The Responsive Community, a quarterly political journal. A new version of ``America, love it or leave it!'' is in the making, he claims. An undated photo of Fish. (The New York Times)  (NYT28) JENIN, West Bank -- July 12, 2002 -- MIDEAST-3 -- Palestinian photographer Said Shawqi Dahla, 30, recovers from a leg wound in the West Bank city of Jenin, Friday. Said was wounded and a colleague, Imad Abu Zahra, 34, a Palestinian freelance photographer, died Friday morning of a wound he suffered the day before, when he made his last effort to tell the world about life in Jenin by photographing Israeli tanks in downtown Jenin. The curfew had been temporarily lifted in Jenin on Thursday when Zahra was shot. The Israeli army said on Friday that it was investigating. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times)  (NYT27) JENIN, West Bank -- July 12, 2002 -- MIDEAST-2 -- Imad Abu Zahra, a Palestinian photojournalist, is shown in an undated family handout. Zahra who died Friday morning of a wound he suffered the day before, when he made his last effort to tell the world about life in Jenin by photographing Israeli tanks in downtown Jenin. The curfew had been temporarily lifted here on Thursday when Zahra, 34, was shot. The Israeli army said on Friday that it was investigating. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times) LITE  (NYT26) JENIN, West Bank -- July 12, 2002 -- MIDEAST -- Hiam Abu Zahra, center, is comforted by her daughter, Ala Abu Zahra, left, at their home in Jenin, as she mourns over the death of her son, Imad Abu Zahra, a Palestinian photojournalist, who died Friday morning of a wound he suffered the day before, when he made his last effort to tell the world about life in Jenin by photographing Israeli tanks in downtown Jenin. The curfew had been temporarily lifted here on Thursday when Abu Zahra, 34, was shot. The Israeli army said on Friday that it was investigating. (Ruth Fremson/The New York Times) LITE  (NYT24) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- MUSIC-ELLIOTT-SHARP -- Elliott Sharp, the experimental guitarist, has a penchant for unpopular causes, starting with his own music, an abrasive style that has been his signature for two decades. On July 20, he will lead a new group, the Al Mashreq All-Stars, as part of a festival of North African and Middle Eastern music presented by Lincoln Center Festival 2002. He views the ensemble as a ``positive model of collaboration across cultures.'' Sharp in his home in Manhattan with an eight-string guitar that he designed. (Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times)  (NYT23) UNDATED -- July 12, 2002 -- CHINA-JIANG -- In what are supposed to be his final months as China's president and Communist Party chief, Jiang Zemin is being lionized in the official media as never before, provoking intense speculation about his ambitions to hold on to power in the years ahead. The drive to elevate Jiang, even as a long-anointed successor waits in the wings, could result in a ragged transfer of supreme authority, clouding what many have hoped will be the first orderly, rule-based transition of leadership in the 53-year history of the People's Republic. Photos of Jiang on various Chinese newspapers. (Erik Eckholm/The New York Times)  (NYT22) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- WEATHER-FLOATER -- Wendy Benasich enjoys the view of lower Manhattan, in background, from high above Henry Husdon Park from a trapeze set up along the Hudson River, on a beautiful sunny Friday. The fun was sponsored by the Trapeze School of New York which will be offering lessons until November. (Marilynn K. Yee/The New York Times) FLOATER PHOTO  (NYT21) WASHINGTON -- July 12, 2002 -- CONGRESS-BUSINESS -- Sen. Carl Levin, D-Mich., who has called for a review of the stock options issue by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, talks to reporters, Friday. The Senate Friday toughened a corporate-reform bill by voting to prohibit companies from making loans to chief executives and ordering executives to vouch for company books even if they have reincorporated offshore. But action was blocked again on the issue of stock options, an area many experts consider key to reforming corporate behavior after a string of scandals ranging from Enron Corp.'s collapse last year to WorldCom Inc.'s recent confession of a massive mishandling of its accounts. The Democrat-sponsored reform bill, an accounting industry oversight measure with stiff penalties for corporate crooks loaded onto it, will now move closer to passage Monday. (Paul Hosefros/The New York Times)  (NYT20) INGLEWOOD, Calif. -- July 12, 2002 -- CALIF-POLICE-PROTESTS-2 -- Protesters walk the steets of Inglewood, Calif., in a demonstration calling for the firing of Inglewood police officer Jeremy Morse, in front of the Inglewood police station, Friday. A videotaped arrest last Saturday shows a police officer slamming Donovan Jackson, 16, onto a car and punching him. The incident is being investigated by a grand jury. Man in foreground at left is unidentified. (Monica Almeida/The New York Times)  (NYT19) INGLEWOOD, Calif. -- July 12, 2002 -- CALIF-POLICE-PROTESTS -- Activists Martin Luther King III, center in blue suit, and Dick Gregory, right, walk the steets of Inglewood, Calif., in a demonstration calling for the firing of Inglewood police officer Jeremy Morse, in front of the Inglewood police station, Friday. A videotaped arrest last Saturday shows a police officer slamming Donovan Jackson, 16, onto a car and punching him. The incident is being investigated by a grand jury. Man in foreground at left is unidentified. (Monica Almeida/The New York Times)  (NYT18) PALO ALTO, Calif. -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- STOCK-VICTIMS -- As the stock market keeps sliding, investors everywhere are pondering their losses, but perhaps none are doing so more intensely than the owners of businesses that sold out to Lucent, WorldCom and other big companies that bought with stock. The Bronfman family, which swapped Universal shares for Vivendi shares in a friendly takeover, expressed outrage privately as it lost $2 billion on its Vivendi shares. Yet despite the attention paid to celebrity losers, most entrepreneurs and executives are not as wealthy as they had hoped, but still cushioned by the fact that they sold their businesses at the top of the market. Selina Lo, right, was a vice president at Alteon Websystems who cashed out her stocks before the market plunged. Lo with her tennis coach in Palo Alto, Calif. (Peter DaSilva/The New York Times)MAGS OUT -- NO SALES  (NYT17) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- BANKRUPTCY-EXPERTS-BOOMTIME-2 -- With yet another big public corporation seemingly announcing plans to file for bankruptcy protection almost every week, there is a line forming outside the half-dozen corporate emergency rooms in Manhattan. Henry S. Miller, who recently turned the restructuring group he ran at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein into an independent firm, and Arthur B. Newman of the Blackstone Group -- two of the nation's top corporate trauma doctors -- are turning away battered patients and charging higher fees, including a charge called the ``success fee.'' Newman in his offce in Manhattan. (Michael Nagle/The New York Times)  (NYT16) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- BANKRUPTCY-EXPERTS-BOOMTIME -- With yet another big public corporation seemingly announcing plans to file for bankruptcy protection almost every week, there is a line forming outside the half-dozen corporate emergency rooms in Manhattan. Henry S. Miller, who recently turned the restructuring group he ran at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein into an independent firm, and Arthur B. Newman of the Blackstone Group -- two of the nation's top corporate trauma doctors -- are turning away battered patients and charging higher fees, including a charge called the ``success fee.'' Miller in Manhattan in July. (Michelle V. Agins/The New York Times)  (NYT15) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- YOUNG-MEN-SHOPPING-2 -- A study of American shopping patterns released in January revealed that the shopping habits of men 18 to 24 closely mirrored those of females in the same age group. This new generation of young men are finding shopping a pleasurable pasttime, a form of recreation, self-expression, even fulfillment. Young men leave the Gucci store in New York in July. (Alan Chin/The New York Times)  (NYT14) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- YOUNG-MEN-SHOPPING -- A study of American shopping patterns released in January revealed that the shopping habits of men 18 to 24 closely mirrored those of females in the same age group. This new generation of young men are finding shopping a pleasurable pasttime, a form of recreation, self-expression, even fulfillment. A shopper at a clothing store in Midtown Manhattan in July. (Alan Chin/The New York Times)  (NYT13) PARIS -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- FASHION-LAGERFELD-GAULTIER-2 -- Subversive minds apparently think alike. With strict tailoring, wit and a stir of petticoats, designers Jean Paul Gaultier and Karl Lagerfeld took control of couture's pretty seams this week and slowly released a steam of sex and sin. Lagerfeld started things with a superb collection for Chanel that layed on discipline and decadence. Deconstruction is now part of couture. Gaultier's feat was to show how it could be done elegantly. Furs had a featured role in Ralph Rucci's casually elegant Paris debut in July. (Corina Lecca/The New York Times)  (NYT12) PARIS -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- FASHION-LAGERFELD-GAULTIER -- Subversive minds apparently think alike. With strict tailoring, wit and a stir of petticoats, designers Jean Paul Gaultier and Karl Lagerfeld took control of couture's pretty seams this week and slowly released a steam of sex and sin. Lagerfeld started things with a superb collection for Chanel that layed on discipline and decadence. Deconstruction is now part of couture. Gaultier's feat was to show how it could be done elegantly. At a recent fashion show in Paris, a model displayed a military coat into skirt by Gaultier. (Corina Lecca/The New York Times)  (NYT11) RAMALLAH, West Bank -- July 12, 2002 -- ADV. FOR JULY 14, 2002 -- MIDEAST-NOAID-COX -- Israel's military occupation of the West Bank has created logistical and security hurdles for aid organizations trying to deliver food and medicine to Palestinians. Thousands of Palestinian humanitarian workers have been denied travel permits to leave their curfewed towns and deliver aid. When curfews are lifted, some emergency travel permits are issued. But then, aid groups, like the Palestinian Red Crescent car pictured in foreground, spend hours waiting at army checkpoints blockading cities. (Margaret Coker/Cox News Service)  (NYT10) WASHINGTON -- July 12, 2002 -- PITT-COX -- Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Harvey Pitt during a news conference outside the West Wing of the White House following the first meeting with President Bush of the corporate fraud task force, Friday. Bush is seeking to reassure shaken investors and contain political fallout amid a string of business scandals. (Rick McKay/Cox News Service)  (NYT9) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- DIESEL-JEANS-SALES -- The philosophy at Diesel stores is based on the premise that no one knows how to sell to young, hip people better than young, hip people. The strategy seems to be working. Diesel, founded in 1978 in Molvena, Italy by jeans designer Renzo Rosso, opened its first retail stores in 1996. Today, there are 83 stores in Italy, the U.S. and Japan. Some salesman earn as much as $40,000 a year. There's a lot of flirting and ``there's no shortage of eye candy,'' said Stephen Miranda, a salesman, right. Miranda with a customer at a Diesel store in New York in June. (Nancy Siesel/The New York Times)  (NYT8) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- SEAGAL-MOB -- Steven Seagal, left, the action film star cited as a Mafia extortion target, has told investigators that after he stopped working with his longtime producer, Julius R. Nasso, after he was ordered into a car in Brooklyn last year and taken to a restaurant where he was threatened by mobsters, officials and lawyers involved in the case say. He was so intimidated, he recounted, that he agreed to turn over $700,000, although investigators are still trying to trace the money. Seagal and Nasso on location for ``The Glimmer Man,'' in Brooklyn in 1996. (Joel David Warren/Warner Brothers, 1996/The New York Times)MAGS OUT -- NO SALES  (NYT7) UNDATED -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- AUTOS-BMW-Z8-2 -- The BMW Z8 roadster stands out from the retro-design pack for its elegance and its successful interpretation of classic themes in a modern way avoiding unnecessary embellishment. The BMW Z8's stylish dashboard includes center-mounted gauges. (The New York Times)  (NYT6) UNDATED -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- AUTOS-BMW-Z8 -- The BMW Z8 roadster stands out from the retro-design pack for its elegance and its successful interpretation of classic themes in a modern way avoiding unnecessary embellishment. The Z8 was designed to evoke the spirit of the low-production BMW 507 of 1956-59. (The New York Times)  (NYT5) UNDATED -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- AUTOS-MERCEDES-SL500-2-- The new Mercedes-SL500 flaunts the latest in automotive technology, from the keyless ignition system to an electronic suspension to seats that heat, cool and massage you. As a state-of-the art, high-speed touring machine, capable of taking two people and some luggage in comfort across vast distances, the SL500 is an unabashed success. Loaded with technology, the 2003 version replaces a model that made its debut in 1989. (The New York Times)  (NYT4) UNDATED -- July 12, 2002 -- Adv. for Sun., July 14 -- AUTOS-MERCEDES-SL500 -- The new Mercedes-SL500 flaunts the latest in automotive technology, from the keyless ignition system to an electronic suspension to seats that heat, cool and massage you. As a state-of-the art, high-speed touring machine, capable of taking two people and some luggage in comfort across vast distances, the SL500 is an unabashed success. (The New York Times)  (NYT3) HOUSTON -- July 12, 2002 -- NAACP-SPINGARN-HNS -- U.S. Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga., received the NAACP's highest award, the Spingarn Medal, as the 93rd annual convention ended Thursday in Houston. The award is named for two brothers, Joel and Arthur Spingarn, who helped establish the national civil rights organization as an important legal advocate for the rights of minorities. Lewis in Houston. (D. Fahleson/The Houston Chronicle)  (NYT2) WASHINGTON -- July 12, 2002 -- BUSH-BUSINESS -- President Bush meets with top prosecutors and regulators in the Roosevelt Room at the White House for the first meeting with his corporate fraud task force, Friday. Bush is seeking to reassure shaken investors and contain political fallout amid a string of business scandals. Joining the president from left are Deputy Attorney General Larry Thompson, Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Harvey Pitt and Attorney General John Ashcroft. (Stephen Crowley/The New York Times)  (NYT1) NEW YORK -- July 12, 2002 -- NY-LOUIMA-TRIAL -- Former New York City police officer Charles Schwarz, 36, convicted at two previous trials of violating Abner Louima's civil rights and of conspiring to cover up the crime, walks with his attorney Ronald Fischetti, right, towards Brooklyn Federal Court, Friday. A federal jury in Brooklyn began its fourth day of deliberations Friday in the retrial of Schwarz, whose previous convictions were  overturned by a federal appeals court that ordered Schwarz's retrial. Schwarz had been serving a 15-year term and could face a similar sentence if convicted on civil rights and perjury charges. (Ruby Washington/The New York Times)  The New York Times News Service </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020712.0330 type=story > <HEADLINE> TO SOME, IT'S A WEIGHTY MATTER, BUT COWBOYS AREN'T WORRIED </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> 07-12-02 22:35:00EDT (BC-FBN-COWBOYS-TEX) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200207.gz"
"142157"	"he"	"recounted"	" In June, he recounted, he finally threatened to reopen the road on Sept. 4 as a way to force the city to produce up-to-date data that would convince him of the dam's vulnerabilities. He also hoped his threat would prod the environmental regulators to upgrade security around the dam, he said. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200409.gz"
"143003"	"he"	"recounted"	" Two days later, he recounted, Kirk asked me if I would take a leave of absence from my firm for six months to work on a special project. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200409.gz"
"143018"	"he"	"recounted"	" He attacks the material, he questions things, he tries to get it right, said Richard C. Holbrooke, the former U.N. ambassador and an adviser to Kerry. During a recent conversation about Iraq, he recounted, Kerry interrupts me and he says, 'Have you read Peter Galbraith's article in The New York Review of Books? You've got to read that, it's very important.'  </P> "	"nyt_eng_200409.gz"
"150058"	"she"	"recounted"	" Perhaps Hallie Faben, a 24-year-old film editor, has the most novel use for photo booths. She says they can come in handy in the dating game. After stopping by the Short Stop on a first date, she recounted, her companion suggested a whirl in the machine. But our body language was kind of weird, Faben said, describing the photo strip, so I took it as a sign that we shouldn't date. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200503.gz"
"152951"	"they"	"recounted"	" Crawling and darting, the survivors finally reached an alley, they recounted, turned east and ran. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200505.gz"
