"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"65043"	"we"	"rediscover"	" In a spider mask or a notebook by Leonardo, we rediscover, as the philosopher Miguel de Unamuno said, that ``all we are given is possibilities.'' </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19960717.0075 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-TRAVEL-BRIEFS-$ADV21-2TAKES-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> (For release Sun., July 21)  AMA Urges Standards For Care on Cruises Earning Miles for Cars, Hotels and Airlines Learning to Paint The Tuscan Landscape A Vermont Museum at Revolutionary War Site An `Ultimate Bunglow' in Berkeley  c.1996 N.Y. Times News Service  The American Medical Association is calling for standards to be set for medical care on cruise ships.  At its meeting in Chicago last month, the House of Delegates of the association adopted a resolution calling for federal legislation or an international treaty to establish standards for medical care, including emergency care, for passengers aboard cruise ships entering or leaving United States ports.  Noting that many cruise passengers ``may be elderly and/or possess complex medical needs,'' and that ships are not required to have regulations covering medical care or ship doctors, the resolution also recommended that the association inform its doctors and their patients ``of the limited medical services and resources aboard cruise ships which would adversely impact the patient's health status.''  The resolution is similar to one drafted earlier this year by the Florida Medical Association. Richard Prager, a Florida doctor whose father died of cardiac arrest while on a cruise in 1993, helped write the AMA resolution. It adds the financial and lobbying muscle of the 296,000-member medical association to the growing movement for uniform medical standards aboard ship.  As the AMA was holding its meeting, more than 50 passengers had become sick during a cruise from Los Angeles to Mexico aboard the Carnival line's Jubilee. The Centers for Disease Control in Atlanta said that while virus was a possibility in the outbreak of the gastrointestinal illness, it was not yet certain of the cause and was continuing to investigate. On the same cruise, a passenger suffering from a gastrointestinal illness bled to death from a torn esophagus caused by severe vomiting. According to the Los Angeles County Department of Coroner, it has not yet been determined if the passenger's death was brought on by the same virus or microbe that caused illness in the other passengers.  A Coast Guard report of cruise ship safety, issued this spring, noted that the better-known cruise ships sailing from American ports have had an exemplary safety record. ``Over the past 10 years,'' it said, ``there were no passenger deaths on deep draft passenger vessels resulting from either a vessel casualty or vessel-related operations.''  Cruise ship passengers periodically break legs, have heart attacks and suffer many of the same physical and medical problems as landlubbers. In an emergency, Royal Caribbean, for example, will always head for the nearest port, according to Rich Steck, the line's spokesman.  When cruise ship medical directors think it necessary to evacuate a passenger, they routinely contact the Coast Guard. The Coast Guard will either evacuate the passenger itself, usually by helicopter, or arrange for a rescue by its counterparts in other countries.  The cruise industry has opposed the adoption of ship-board medical standards as unnecessary and intrusive. But the opposition has shown signs of crumbling since last September, when the Cruise Ship and Maritime Medicine Section of the American College of Emergency Physicians, a 19,000-member organization with headquarters in Washington, issued a policy statement and recommended medical guidelines. The International Council of Cruise Lines, which represents most of the cruise line vessels operating from United States ports, is reviewing the document.  At minimum, it states, cruise ship medical departments should provide good care for passengers, crew and visitors; be able to stabilize and initiate diagnostic and therapeutic techniques for the seriously ill or injured; support, comfort and care for the less seriously ill or injured, and assist in the timely medical evacuation of patients when appropriate.  Its recommendations cover such areas as medical staff credentials and language fluency, as well as the type of medical equipment that should be on board.  ``We want the industry to to develop its own standards, so there's a more consistent level of medical service,'' said Dr. Robert Wheeler, one of the authors of the document, who is a part-time doctor for Holland America Line.  Wheeler said cruise passengers ``would be very impressed'' with the quality of medical care aboard many cruise ships, ``but not on all lines.'' But it is also important to realize, he said, that ``these are infirmaries with limited space and limited staff, not hospitals.''  The International Council of Cruise Lines has insisted that cruise ships are not intended to be ``floating hospitals.''  ``We can't provide the same medical treatment as a shore hospital,'' said Cindy Colenda, the president of the council. ``But any passengers can call the medical desk at each cruise line and ask what medical facilities are aboard. And passengers with medical conditions should talk with their doctors, then ask the line if the ship they're interested in going on can deal with their situation.''  Ms. Colenda added that the council's working group of medical advisers is likely to issue its own recommendations for shipboard medical standards ``within the next several months.''  c. 1996 N.Y. Times News Service  American Express and ITT Sheraton have issued a credit card, the Club Miles Card, that gives miles for every dollar charged; the miles can be redeemed for free hotel stays, car rentals or airline tickets. Club Miles Card holders who charge their billsat any of the almost 400 participating Sheraton hotels and 50 resorts around the world can earn as many as four Club Miles per dollar.  The card is intended for members of ITT Sheraton's frequent guest program, ITT Sheraton Club International. That program offers two levels of membership _ a basic level, which is free, and a gold level, which costs $50.  A night at the Sheraton Colorado Springs or Sheraton World Resort in Orlando costs 3,000 Club Miles, while a night at such luxury properties as the St. Regis in New York costs 10,000. A rental car from Avis costs 3,000 miles a day.  Sheraton's domestic airline partners _ American, Continental, Delta, Northwest and United _ accept one Club Mile as equivalent to one frequent flier mile. So do Air Canada, Air France and Thai Airways. But the conversion rate varies with Sheraton's other international partners, Ansett Australia Airlines, Alitalia and KLM Royal Dutch Airlines. As with American Express's combined cards with Hilton and Delta, the ITT Sheraton Club Miles Card is a revolving credit card, not the familiar Amex charge cards, which must be paid in full each month. The interest rate on the Club Miles card is 8.9 percent for the first six months, and Prime plus 9.9 percent thereafter.  (MORE)  nn </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19960717.0076 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-TRAVEL-BRIEFS-$ADV21-2NDTAKE-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> (For release Sun., July 21.) UNDATED: percent thereafter.  To apply for the card: (800) 467-8462.  c. 1996 N.Y. Times News Service  Landscape painting courses in Tuscany are being offered through October by a New York organization called Etruscan Places.  The workshops take place at the Fattoria Voltrona, a farmhouse on 100 acres of vineyards and olive groves in the outskirts of San Gimignano, 30 miles from Florence. The lush, rolling hills of the countryside serve as the principal subject of the courses, and the participants sleep and eat at the farmhouse. Most of the wine and cured meats served are produced on the farm.  The workshops have been designed to introduce landscape painting to people with little or no previous art instruction. Those with some training are tutored in content and technique. Evening lectures on art history focus on landscape painting; students are also offered two trips to museums, in Siena and Florence, to look at specific paintings important in the history of landscape painting. The class size is limited to 12. Remaining courses this year take place July 20 to 27, Sept. 7 to 4, Sept. 21 to 8, and Oct. 12 to 19. Painters pay from $1,100 to $1,450 a week, depending on occupancy, and nonpainting partners pay $700.  Courses are taught by Maddine Insalaco, who has a master of fine arts degree in painting from the New York Academy of Art. Information: (212) 780-3216 or (39-338).  c. 1996 N.Y. Times News Service  A visitors center and museum is scheduled to be inaugurated this Saturday on Mount Independence in Orwell,, Vt., the site of a military hospital and fortification during the Revolutionary War. During the winter of 1776-77, hundreds of the 10,000 American soldiers stationed there froze and died, many of smallpox, while holding off a British invasion from Canada.  The campaign culminated in the American victory at the Battle of Saratoga. It is one of a trio of Revolutionary war sites overlooking the narrowest section of Lake Champlain (the other two are Fort Ticonderoga and Mount Defiant on the New York side of the lake).  The $1 million visitors center and museum offers a historical video and four easy hiking trails around the 400-acre site, which includes remnants of barracks and fortification walls as well as the foundation of the hospital. Among the museum's artifacts are a British cannon pulled from the bottom of the lake three years ago.  The opening ceremony will take place at 1 P.M. on Saturday. Re-enactors will be in period costume on site all weekend and there will be guided interpretive tours. The site will be open Wednesday to Sunday from 9:30 A.M. to 5:30 P.M. to mid-October. Admission is $2; free for children 14 and younger. Information: (802) 948-2000.  c. 1996 N.Y. Times News Service  The William R. Thorsen House in Berkeley, Calif., a classic 1909 Arts and Crafts mansion by the Pasadena architects Charles and Henry Greene, is temporarily open to the public for an exhibition titled ``Last of the Ultimate Bungalows.''  The timbered house has been restored by its longtime owners, the Berkeley branch of the Sigma Phi fraternity, and for the first time in more than 50 years, it is furnished with original Greene and Greene furniture, metalwork and pottery.  The residence, commissioned by the lumberman William Thorsen and largely financed by his wife, Caroline, was the last of the Greenes' so-called ``ultimate bungalows,'' four large, elaborate wooden houses created by the brothers for wealthy California clients. Another of the bungalows, the Gamble House in Pasadena, is the source of nearly all the original Thorsen House furnishings featured in the exhibition.  Designed by the Greenes at the height of their careers, Thorsen House epitomizes the residential commissions for which they were known. The interior is rich in domestic and exotic hardwoods, art glass, custom metalwork and ceramic art tiles. The living room is paneled in glowing Honduras mahogany, with bits of polished ebony covering countersunk screws, and the fireplace tiles are inlaid with fragments of colored glass.  Thorsen House is at 2307 Piedmont Avenue, at Bancroft Way, in Berkeley. It is open, to Aug. 18, on Wednesday, Friday, Saturday and Sunday from 1 to 5 p.m. and on Thursday from 1 to 7 p.m. Tickets are $15; $12.50 for those 65 and older, and $10 for students. Information: (213) 740-8687. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_19960717.0077 type=story > <HEADLINE> OPERAS AS A MIRROR OF DIVERSITY </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-AMERICAN-OPERAS-2TAKES-$ADV21-NYT) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_199607.gz"
