"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"9064"	"they"	"report"	" In particular, they report, the falloff has been notable among patients who can postpone treatment. For example, only half as many people are now showing up for immunization shots, even those shots for illnesses that easily become epidemic. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199411.gz"
"23896"	"they"	"report"	" Most environmentalists are confident that their time will come again. Many groups have tried to exploit the Republican takeover in Congress as a way to build memberships and donations. Both are up, they report, since November. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199506.gz"
"29939"	"they"	"report"	" For one thing, they report, the universe must be much older than the standard estimates of 8 to 13 billion years. The new evidence, including a benchmark galaxy known as M100 that was recently judged to be about 15 billion years old, indicates a universe perhaps as old as 18 billion years. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199508.gz"
"35168"	"they"	"report"	" In a study of 12 patients, the researchers used inactivated cold viruses to add genes to cells that line the nose. But, they report, the nasal cells took up so few genes that the gene therapy had no effect. They said, it was impossible to simply use more viruses to transfer more genes because the viruses irritated the patients' noses, causing inflammation and swelling. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199509.gz"
"38326"	"they"	"report"	" Eating healthy while traveling can be a problem. Consider a study by the Physicians Committee for Responsible Medicine on the availability of low-fat and vegetarian meals on airlines and at airports. Sadly, they report, many airline meals weighed in at a minimum of 28 percent fat. United Airlines scored the best, with a vegetarian steak and pasta with just 3 percent fat, a 9 percent fat vegetarian ravioli and a 16 percent fat mixed-grain dish, all with no cholesterol. TWA and Continental came in second and third, respectively, in low-fat offerings. The top three airports for offering vegetarian entrees low in saturated fat were Los Angeles, Pittsburgh and Vancouver (Boston came in seventh). And, the committee asked Southwest Airlines flight attendants if they felt airports offer health food. Eighty-five percent said no, and 93 percent said they bring their own food to work. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199510.gz"
"47152"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199601.gz"
"47153"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199601.gz"
"47254"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199601.gz"
"47255"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199601.gz"
"47458"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"47459"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"47466"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"47467"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"47766"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"47767"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"48739"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"48740"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"49015"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"49016"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"49052"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"49053"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"49219"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"49220"	"they"	"report"	" The program, they report, has been a success: There are now seven populations of field crickets instead of one _ and the species has been pulled back from the brink of extinction. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199602.gz"
"68651"	"they"	"report"	" Locals say one Seattle doctor comes to soak in the hotel's mineral pools each year. Crippled by arthritis, he always arrives in a wheelchair, they report, and he always leaves on foot. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199608.gz"
"79411"	"they"	"report"	" In the journal article, Malins and his colleagues at the Pacific Northwest Research Foundation report on a new method for identifying structural changes in the DNA of breast tissue cells. The changes, they report, are caused by free radicals and can be tracked as they progress from normal to metastatic breast cancer. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199611.gz"
"83207"	"they"	"report"	" In addition, they report, each year at least one fairly large extraterrestrial object about 20 feet wide roars into the atmosphere, setting off a blast equal to a 15-kiloton nuclear explosion. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199701.gz"
"107053"	"they"	"report"	" Normally invisible, wake vortices can sometimes be seen as contrails, puffy manifestations that form as water vapor from fuel combustion freezes into ice crystals that are entrained in the spiraling airflow. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020220.0096 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of an illustration of the dinosaur known as Sinovenator.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American TINY DINOSAUR SHEDS LIGHT ON BIRD EVOLUTION By KATE WONG  Tyrannosaurus rex, Apatosaurus and the other dinosaur giants capture the popular imagination. But paleontologists often focus on smaller fry _ especially with regard to the origin of birds, which are believed to have evolved from petite, predatory dinosaurs.  Researchers describe one such specimen _ the partial skeleton of a previously unknown genus of chicken-size dinosaur that roamed China's Liaoning province nearly 130 million years ago _ in the journal Nature. According to the report, the novel beast belongs to the troodontid family of dinosaurs and suggests that certain birdlike features arose far earlier than scientists had suspected.  Dubbed Sinovenator changii, the new fossil comes from the same region that last year yielded the spectacularly complete remains of a feathered dinosaur. According to team member Peter Mackovicky of Chicago's Field Museum, Sinovenator _ a close relative of the similarly aged bird Archaeopteryx _ probably had feathers, too, although none are preserved in this specimen.  The oldest and most primitive troodontid yet found, Sinovenator exhibits several features _ including its small size _ that do not appear in later troodontids but do appear in dromaeosaurids (close relatives of birds) and birds themselves. Troodontids, the researchers say, eventually lost these characteristics as they became bigger.  ``It demonstrates that major structural modifications toward birds occurred much earlier in the evolutionary process than previously thought,'' Mackovicky says. ``Furthermore, these findings help counter, once and for all, the position of paleontologists who argue that birds did not evolve from dinosaurs.''  'USE IT OR LOSE IT,' NEW ALZHEIMER'S RESEARCH CONCLUDES By SARAH GRAHAM  When it comes to memory, there might just be something to the old adage ``use it or lose it.'' Writing in the Journal of the American Medical Association, researchers provide further evidence that people who participate more frequently in cerebrally challenging activities have a decreased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.  Robert S. Wilson of the Rush Alzheimer's Disease Center and colleagues examined more than 700 participants in the Religious Orders Study, a group of Catholic nuns, priests and brothers who have agreed to annual memory testing and brain donation at the time of death.  At the study's outset, the subjects underwent cognitive testing and filled out a questionnaire probing the amount of time they spent engaged in common pastimes involving information processing: watching TV, listening to the radio, reading, playing games or solving puzzles and going to museums. Participation frequency was rated on a five-point scale ranging from every day (five points) to once a year or less (one point).  The scientists followed the subjects _ all age 65 or older and dementia free at the start of the study _ for an average of 4.5 years and administered annual follow-up cognitive tests.  Over a seven-year period, 111 participants developed Alzheimer's disease. The researchers found an inverse correlation between the frequency of cognitive activity and the risk of developing the disease. For each one-point increase in a subject's score on the scale of intellectual activities, they report, the risk of developing the disease decreased by 33 percent.  Moreover, people with the highest frequency of activity had a 47 percent lower risk of disease compared with those with the lowest activity level.  The precise mechanisms governing such an association between mental stimulation and reduced risk of Alzheimer's disease remain unclear. Some scientists propose that the tasks afford protection by making the brain more efficient and therefore less vulnerable to the damage wreaked by Alzheimer's. Others suggest that frequent mind flexing strengthens processing skills and allows the brain to compensate for age-related declines.  FEELING MOODY? SCIENTISTS CAN TELL By SARAH GRAHAM  It's not always easy to identify exactly why you feel moody. But now scientists say they have pinpointed a specific part of the brain associated with negative feelings.  According to a study published online by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, activity in a small area near the front of the brain correlates with feelings of distress, irritability, anxiety and anger.  David H. Zald of Vanderbilt University and his colleagues used positron emission tomography (PET) to track blood flow in the brains of 89 men and women.  Before the scans, subjects filled out questionnaires describing the extent to which they had experienced disagreeable moods in the previous month. The scientists then used the responses to rate the participants using a negative affect scale, which describes unpleasant mood states.  Previous research had shown that individuals who rate highly on the scale are at increased risk of developing depression or anxiety disorders. The researchers determined a positive correlation between activity in the brain's ventromedial prefrontal cortex (VMPFC) and high negative affect scores.  The scientists caution that the findings are preliminary. It is unclear whether the observed brain activity is the cause or the effect of negative moods. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020220.0097 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of an illustration of the dinosaur known as Sinovenator.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American TINY DINOSAUR SHEDS LIGHT ON BIRD EVOLUTION By KATE WONG  Tyrannosaurus rex, Apatosaurus and the other dinosaur giants capture the popular imagination. But paleontologists often focus on smaller fry _ especially with regard to the origin of birds, which are believed to have evolved from petite, predatory dinosaurs.  Researchers describe one such specimen _ the partial skeleton of a previously unknown genus of chicken-size dinosaur that roamed China's Liaoning province nearly 130 million years ago _ in the journal Nature. According to the report, the novel beast belongs to the troodontid family of dinosaurs and suggests that certain birdlike features arose far earlier than scientists had suspected.  Dubbed Sinovenator changii, the new fossil comes from the same region that last year yielded the spectacularly complete remains of a feathered dinosaur. According to team member Peter Mackovicky of Chicago's Field Museum, Sinovenator _ a close relative of the similarly aged bird Archaeopteryx _ probably had feathers, too, although none are preserved in this specimen.  The oldest and most primitive troodontid yet found, Sinovenator exhibits several features _ including its small size _ that do not appear in later troodontids but do appear in dromaeosaurids (close relatives of birds) and birds themselves. Troodontids, the researchers say, eventually lost these characteristics as they became bigger.  ``It demonstrates that major structural modifications toward birds occurred much earlier in the evolutionary process than previously thought,'' Mackovicky says. ``Furthermore, these findings help counter, once and for all, the position of paleontologists who argue that birds did not evolve from dinosaurs.''  'USE IT OR LOSE IT,' NEW ALZHEIMER'S RESEARCH CONCLUDES By SARAH GRAHAM  When it comes to memory, there might just be something to the old adage ``use it or lose it.'' Writing in the Journal of the American Medical Association, researchers provide further evidence that people who participate more frequently in cerebrally challenging activities have a decreased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.  Robert S. Wilson of the Rush Alzheimer's Disease Center and colleagues examined more than 700 participants in the Religious Orders Study, a group of Catholic nuns, priests and brothers who have agreed to annual memory testing and brain donation at the time of death.  At the study's outset, the subjects underwent cognitive testing and filled out a questionnaire probing the amount of time they spent engaged in common pastimes involving information processing: watching TV, listening to the radio, reading, playing games or solving puzzles and going to museums. Participation frequency was rated on a five-point scale ranging from every day (five points) to once a year or less (one point).  The scientists followed the subjects _ all age 65 or older and dementia free at the start of the study _ for an average of 4.5 years and administered annual follow-up cognitive tests.  Over a seven-year period, 111 participants developed Alzheimer's disease. The researchers found an inverse correlation between the frequency of cognitive activity and the risk of developing the disease. For each one-point increase in a subject's score on the scale of intellectual activities, they report, the risk of developing the disease decreased by 33 percent.  Moreover, people with the highest frequency of activity had a 47 percent lower risk of disease compared with those with the lowest activity level.  The precise mechanisms governing such an association between mental stimulation and reduced risk of Alzheimer's disease remain unclear. Some scientists propose that the tasks afford protection by making the brain more efficient and therefore less vulnerable to the damage wreaked by Alzheimer's. Others suggest that frequent mind flexing strengthens processing skills and allows the brain to compensate for age-related declines.  FEELING MOODY? SCIENTISTS CAN TELL By SARAH GRAHAM  It's not always easy to identify exactly why you feel moody. But now scientists say they have pinpointed a specific part of the brain associated with negative feelings.  According to a study published online by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, activity in a small area near the front of the brain correlates with feelings of distress, irritability, anxiety and anger.  David H. Zald of Vanderbilt University and his colleagues used positron emission tomography (PET) to track blood flow in the brains of 89 men and women.  Before the scans, subjects filled out questionnaires describing the extent to which they had experienced disagreeable moods in the previous month. The scientists then used the responses to rate the participants using a negative affect scale, which describes unpleasant mood states.  Previous research had shown that individuals who rate highly on the scale are at increased risk of developing depression or anxiety disorders. The researchers determined a positive correlation between activity in the brain's ventromedial prefrontal cortex (VMPFC) and high negative affect scores.  The scientists caution that the findings are preliminary. It is unclear whether the observed brain activity is the cause or the effect of negative moods. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020220.0098 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of an illustration of the dinosaur known as Sinovenator.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American TINY DINOSAUR SHEDS LIGHT ON BIRD EVOLUTION By KATE WONG  Tyrannosaurus rex, Apatosaurus and the other dinosaur giants capture the popular imagination. But paleontologists often focus on smaller fry _ especially with regard to the origin of birds, which are believed to have evolved from petite, predatory dinosaurs.  Researchers describe one such specimen _ the partial skeleton of a previously unknown genus of chicken-size dinosaur that roamed China's Liaoning province nearly 130 million years ago _ in the journal Nature. According to the report, the novel beast belongs to the troodontid family of dinosaurs and suggests that certain birdlike features arose far earlier than scientists had suspected.  Dubbed Sinovenator changii, the new fossil comes from the same region that last year yielded the spectacularly complete remains of a feathered dinosaur. According to team member Peter Mackovicky of Chicago's Field Museum, Sinovenator _ a close relative of the similarly aged bird Archaeopteryx _ probably had feathers, too, although none are preserved in this specimen.  The oldest and most primitive troodontid yet found, Sinovenator exhibits several features _ including its small size _ that do not appear in later troodontids but do appear in dromaeosaurids (close relatives of birds) and birds themselves. Troodontids, the researchers say, eventually lost these characteristics as they became bigger.  ``It demonstrates that major structural modifications toward birds occurred much earlier in the evolutionary process than previously thought,'' Mackovicky says. ``Furthermore, these findings help counter, once and for all, the position of paleontologists who argue that birds did not evolve from dinosaurs.''  'USE IT OR LOSE IT,' NEW ALZHEIMER'S RESEARCH CONCLUDES By SARAH GRAHAM  When it comes to memory, there might just be something to the old adage ``use it or lose it.'' Writing in the Journal of the American Medical Association, researchers provide further evidence that people who participate more frequently in cerebrally challenging activities have a decreased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.  Robert S. Wilson of the Rush Alzheimer's Disease Center and colleagues examined more than 700 participants in the Religious Orders Study, a group of Catholic nuns, priests and brothers who have agreed to annual memory testing and brain donation at the time of death.  At the study's outset, the subjects underwent cognitive testing and filled out a questionnaire probing the amount of time they spent engaged in common pastimes involving information processing: watching TV, listening to the radio, reading, playing games or solving puzzles and going to museums. Participation frequency was rated on a five-point scale ranging from every day (five points) to once a year or less (one point).  The scientists followed the subjects _ all age 65 or older and dementia free at the start of the study _ for an average of 4.5 years and administered annual follow-up cognitive tests.  Over a seven-year period, 111 participants developed Alzheimer's disease. The researchers found an inverse correlation between the frequency of cognitive activity and the risk of developing the disease. For each one-point increase in a subject's score on the scale of intellectual activities, they report, the risk of developing the disease decreased by 33 percent.  Moreover, people with the highest frequency of activity had a 47 percent lower risk of disease compared with those with the lowest activity level.  The precise mechanisms governing such an association between mental stimulation and reduced risk of Alzheimer's disease remain unclear. Some scientists propose that the tasks afford protection by making the brain more efficient and therefore less vulnerable to the damage wreaked by Alzheimer's. Others suggest that frequent mind flexing strengthens processing skills and allows the brain to compensate for age-related declines.  FEELING MOODY? SCIENTISTS CAN TELL By SARAH GRAHAM  It's not always easy to identify exactly why you feel moody. But now scientists say they have pinpointed a specific part of the brain associated with negative feelings.  According to a study published online by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, activity in a small area near the front of the brain correlates with feelings of distress, irritability, anxiety and anger.  David H. Zald of Vanderbilt University and his colleagues used positron emission tomography (PET) to track blood flow in the brains of 89 men and women.  Before the scans, subjects filled out questionnaires describing the extent to which they had experienced disagreeable moods in the previous month. The scientists then used the responses to rate the participants using a negative affect scale, which describes unpleasant mood states.  Previous research had shown that individuals who rate highly on the scale are at increased risk of developing depression or anxiety disorders. The researchers determined a positive correlation between activity in the brain's ventromedial prefrontal cortex (VMPFC) and high negative affect scores.  The scientists caution that the findings are preliminary. It is unclear whether the observed brain activity is the cause or the effect of negative moods. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020220.0099 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of an illustration of the dinosaur known as Sinovenator.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American TINY DINOSAUR SHEDS LIGHT ON BIRD EVOLUTION By KATE WONG  Tyrannosaurus rex, Apatosaurus and the other dinosaur giants capture the popular imagination. But paleontologists often focus on smaller fry _ especially with regard to the origin of birds, which are believed to have evolved from petite, predatory dinosaurs.  Researchers describe one such specimen _ the partial skeleton of a previously unknown genus of chicken-size dinosaur that roamed China's Liaoning province nearly 130 million years ago _ in the journal Nature. According to the report, the novel beast belongs to the troodontid family of dinosaurs and suggests that certain birdlike features arose far earlier than scientists had suspected.  Dubbed Sinovenator changii, the new fossil comes from the same region that last year yielded the spectacularly complete remains of a feathered dinosaur. According to team member Peter Mackovicky of Chicago's Field Museum, Sinovenator _ a close relative of the similarly aged bird Archaeopteryx _ probably had feathers, too, although none are preserved in this specimen.  The oldest and most primitive troodontid yet found, Sinovenator exhibits several features _ including its small size _ that do not appear in later troodontids but do appear in dromaeosaurids (close relatives of birds) and birds themselves. Troodontids, the researchers say, eventually lost these characteristics as they became bigger.  ``It demonstrates that major structural modifications toward birds occurred much earlier in the evolutionary process than previously thought,'' Mackovicky says. ``Furthermore, these findings help counter, once and for all, the position of paleontologists who argue that birds did not evolve from dinosaurs.''  'USE IT OR LOSE IT,' NEW ALZHEIMER'S RESEARCH CONCLUDES By SARAH GRAHAM  When it comes to memory, there might just be something to the old adage ``use it or lose it.'' Writing in the Journal of the American Medical Association, researchers provide further evidence that people who participate more frequently in cerebrally challenging activities have a decreased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.  Robert S. Wilson of the Rush Alzheimer's Disease Center and colleagues examined more than 700 participants in the Religious Orders Study, a group of Catholic nuns, priests and brothers who have agreed to annual memory testing and brain donation at the time of death.  At the study's outset, the subjects underwent cognitive testing and filled out a questionnaire probing the amount of time they spent engaged in common pastimes involving information processing: watching TV, listening to the radio, reading, playing games or solving puzzles and going to museums. Participation frequency was rated on a five-point scale ranging from every day (five points) to once a year or less (one point).  The scientists followed the subjects _ all age 65 or older and dementia free at the start of the study _ for an average of 4.5 years and administered annual follow-up cognitive tests.  Over a seven-year period, 111 participants developed Alzheimer's disease. The researchers found an inverse correlation between the frequency of cognitive activity and the risk of developing the disease. For each one-point increase in a subject's score on the scale of intellectual activities, they report, the risk of developing the disease decreased by 33 percent.  Moreover, people with the highest frequency of activity had a 47 percent lower risk of disease compared with those with the lowest activity level.  The precise mechanisms governing such an association between mental stimulation and reduced risk of Alzheimer's disease remain unclear. Some scientists propose that the tasks afford protection by making the brain more efficient and therefore less vulnerable to the damage wreaked by Alzheimer's. Others suggest that frequent mind flexing strengthens processing skills and allows the brain to compensate for age-related declines.  FEELING MOODY? SCIENTISTS CAN TELL By SARAH GRAHAM  It's not always easy to identify exactly why you feel moody. But now scientists say they have pinpointed a specific part of the brain associated with negative feelings.  According to a study published online by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, activity in a small area near the front of the brain correlates with feelings of distress, irritability, anxiety and anger.  David H. Zald of Vanderbilt University and his colleagues used positron emission tomography (PET) to track blood flow in the brains of 89 men and women.  Before the scans, subjects filled out questionnaires describing the extent to which they had experienced disagreeable moods in the previous month. The scientists then used the responses to rate the participants using a negative affect scale, which describes unpleasant mood states.  Previous research had shown that individuals who rate highly on the scale are at increased risk of developing depression or anxiety disorders. The researchers determined a positive correlation between activity in the brain's ventromedial prefrontal cortex (VMPFC) and high negative affect scores.  The scientists caution that the findings are preliminary. It is unclear whether the observed brain activity is the cause or the effect of negative moods. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020220.0100 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of an illustration of the dinosaur known as Sinovenator.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American TINY DINOSAUR SHEDS LIGHT ON BIRD EVOLUTION By KATE WONG  Tyrannosaurus rex, Apatosaurus and the other dinosaur giants capture the popular imagination. But paleontologists often focus on smaller fry _ especially with regard to the origin of birds, which are believed to have evolved from petite, predatory dinosaurs.  Researchers describe one such specimen _ the partial skeleton of a previously unknown genus of chicken-size dinosaur that roamed China's Liaoning province nearly 130 million years ago _ in the journal Nature. According to the report, the novel beast belongs to the troodontid family of dinosaurs and suggests that certain birdlike features arose far earlier than scientists had suspected.  Dubbed Sinovenator changii, the new fossil comes from the same region that last year yielded the spectacularly complete remains of a feathered dinosaur. According to team member Peter Mackovicky of Chicago's Field Museum, Sinovenator _ a close relative of the similarly aged bird Archaeopteryx _ probably had feathers, too, although none are preserved in this specimen.  The oldest and most primitive troodontid yet found, Sinovenator exhibits several features _ including its small size _ that do not appear in later troodontids but do appear in dromaeosaurids (close relatives of birds) and birds themselves. Troodontids, the researchers say, eventually lost these characteristics as they became bigger.  ``It demonstrates that major structural modifications toward birds occurred much earlier in the evolutionary process than previously thought,'' Mackovicky says. ``Furthermore, these findings help counter, once and for all, the position of paleontologists who argue that birds did not evolve from dinosaurs.''  'USE IT OR LOSE IT,' NEW ALZHEIMER'S RESEARCH CONCLUDES By SARAH GRAHAM  When it comes to memory, there might just be something to the old adage ``use it or lose it.'' Writing in the Journal of the American Medical Association, researchers provide further evidence that people who participate more frequently in cerebrally challenging activities have a decreased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.  Robert S. Wilson of the Rush Alzheimer's Disease Center and colleagues examined more than 700 participants in the Religious Orders Study, a group of Catholic nuns, priests and brothers who have agreed to annual memory testing and brain donation at the time of death.  At the study's outset, the subjects underwent cognitive testing and filled out a questionnaire probing the amount of time they spent engaged in common pastimes involving information processing: watching TV, listening to the radio, reading, playing games or solving puzzles and going to museums. Participation frequency was rated on a five-point scale ranging from every day (five points) to once a year or less (one point).  The scientists followed the subjects _ all age 65 or older and dementia free at the start of the study _ for an average of 4.5 years and administered annual follow-up cognitive tests.  Over a seven-year period, 111 participants developed Alzheimer's disease. The researchers found an inverse correlation between the frequency of cognitive activity and the risk of developing the disease. For each one-point increase in a subject's score on the scale of intellectual activities, they report, the risk of developing the disease decreased by 33 percent.  Moreover, people with the highest frequency of activity had a 47 percent lower risk of disease compared with those with the lowest activity level.  The precise mechanisms governing such an association between mental stimulation and reduced risk of Alzheimer's disease remain unclear. Some scientists propose that the tasks afford protection by making the brain more efficient and therefore less vulnerable to the damage wreaked by Alzheimer's. Others suggest that frequent mind flexing strengthens processing skills and allows the brain to compensate for age-related declines.  FEELING MOODY? SCIENTISTS CAN TELL By SARAH GRAHAM  It's not always easy to identify exactly why you feel moody. But now scientists say they have pinpointed a specific part of the brain associated with negative feelings.  According to a study published online by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, activity in a small area near the front of the brain correlates with feelings of distress, irritability, anxiety and anger.  David H. Zald of Vanderbilt University and his colleagues used positron emission tomography (PET) to track blood flow in the brains of 89 men and women.  Before the scans, subjects filled out questionnaires describing the extent to which they had experienced disagreeable moods in the previous month. The scientists then used the responses to rate the participants using a negative affect scale, which describes unpleasant mood states.  Previous research had shown that individuals who rate highly on the scale are at increased risk of developing depression or anxiety disorders. The researchers determined a positive correlation between activity in the brain's ventromedial prefrontal cortex (VMPFC) and high negative affect scores.  The scientists caution that the findings are preliminary. It is unclear whether the observed brain activity is the cause or the effect of negative moods. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020220.0101 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of an illustration of the dinosaur known as Sinovenator.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American TINY DINOSAUR SHEDS LIGHT ON BIRD EVOLUTION By KATE WONG  Tyrannosaurus rex, Apatosaurus and the other dinosaur giants capture the popular imagination. But paleontologists often focus on smaller fry _ especially with regard to the origin of birds, which are believed to have evolved from petite, predatory dinosaurs.  Researchers describe one such specimen _ the partial skeleton of a previously unknown genus of chicken-size dinosaur that roamed China's Liaoning province nearly 130 million years ago _ in the journal Nature. According to the report, the novel beast belongs to the troodontid family of dinosaurs and suggests that certain birdlike features arose far earlier than scientists had suspected.  Dubbed Sinovenator changii, the new fossil comes from the same region that last year yielded the spectacularly complete remains of a feathered dinosaur. According to team member Peter Mackovicky of Chicago's Field Museum, Sinovenator _ a close relative of the similarly aged bird Archaeopteryx _ probably had feathers, too, although none are preserved in this specimen.  The oldest and most primitive troodontid yet found, Sinovenator exhibits several features _ including its small size _ that do not appear in later troodontids but do appear in dromaeosaurids (close relatives of birds) and birds themselves. Troodontids, the researchers say, eventually lost these characteristics as they became bigger.  ``It demonstrates that major structural modifications toward birds occurred much earlier in the evolutionary process than previously thought,'' Mackovicky says. ``Furthermore, these findings help counter, once and for all, the position of paleontologists who argue that birds did not evolve from dinosaurs.''  'USE IT OR LOSE IT,' NEW ALZHEIMER'S RESEARCH CONCLUDES By SARAH GRAHAM  When it comes to memory, there might just be something to the old adage ``use it or lose it.'' Writing in the Journal of the American Medical Association, researchers provide further evidence that people who participate more frequently in cerebrally challenging activities have a decreased risk of developing Alzheimer's disease.  Robert S. Wilson of the Rush Alzheimer's Disease Center and colleagues examined more than 700 participants in the Religious Orders Study, a group of Catholic nuns, priests and brothers who have agreed to annual memory testing and brain donation at the time of death.  At the study's outset, the subjects underwent cognitive testing and filled out a questionnaire probing the amount of time they spent engaged in common pastimes involving information processing: watching TV, listening to the radio, reading, playing games or solving puzzles and going to museums. Participation frequency was rated on a five-point scale ranging from every day (five points) to once a year or less (one point).  The scientists followed the subjects _ all age 65 or older and dementia free at the start of the study _ for an average of 4.5 years and administered annual follow-up cognitive tests.  Over a seven-year period, 111 participants developed Alzheimer's disease. The researchers found an inverse correlation between the frequency of cognitive activity and the risk of developing the disease. For each one-point increase in a subject's score on the scale of intellectual activities, they report, the risk of developing the disease decreased by 33 percent.  Moreover, people with the highest frequency of activity had a 47 percent lower risk of disease compared with those with the lowest activity level.  The precise mechanisms governing such an association between mental stimulation and reduced risk of Alzheimer's disease remain unclear. Some scientists propose that the tasks afford protection by making the brain more efficient and therefore less vulnerable to the damage wreaked by Alzheimer's. Others suggest that frequent mind flexing strengthens processing skills and allows the brain to compensate for age-related declines.  FEELING MOODY? SCIENTISTS CAN TELL By SARAH GRAHAM  It's not always easy to identify exactly why you feel moody. But now scientists say they have pinpointed a specific part of the brain associated with negative feelings.  According to a study published online by the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, activity in a small area near the front of the brain correlates with feelings of distress, irritability, anxiety and anger.  David H. Zald of Vanderbilt University and his colleagues used positron emission tomography (PET) to track blood flow in the brains of 89 men and women.  Before the scans, subjects filled out questionnaires describing the extent to which they had experienced disagreeable moods in the previous month. The scientists then used the responses to rate the participants using a negative affect scale, which describes unpleasant mood states.  Previous research had shown that individuals who rate highly on the scale are at increased risk of developing depression or anxiety disorders. The researchers determined a positive correlation between activity in the brain's ventromedial prefrontal cortex (VMPFC) and high negative affect scores.  The scientists caution that the findings are preliminary. It is unclear whether the observed brain activity is the cause or the effect of negative moods. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020220.0102 type=story > <HEADLINE> QUIETING KILLER JET WAKES </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200202.gz"
"111384"	"they"	"report"	" Story Filed By Cox Newspapers </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020403.0053 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of a glass of drinking water.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American ARSENIC IN DRINKING WATER MAY ACCELERATE ARTERY DISEASE By SARAH GRAHAM  Determining a new federal standard for acceptable levels of arsenic in drinking water was no easy task. Now new research adds to the list of ills caused by exposure to the element.  According to a study published in Circulation: Journal of the American Heart Association, long-term exposure to arsenic in drinking water is directly related to the development of atherosclerosis in the arteries leading to the brain.  Chih-Hao Wang of the National Taiwan University and colleagues studied 463 people living in an area of Taiwan with high rates of arseniasis, or chronic arsenic poisoning. Scientists have tracked the amount of arsenic in well water in the region for more than four decades.  Combining these records with detailed residential and medical histories allowed the team to determine the amount of arsenic exposure for each participant. The researchers then used ultrasound to measure the amount of atherosclerotic plaque in subjects' carotid arteries, which carry blood to the brain.  People with the highest arsenic exposure, they report, had three times the risk of atherosclerosis as seen in those who were not exposed to it.  ``Our results indicate that long-term arsenic exposure may lead to the progression or acceleration of carotid artery disease and most likely generalized artery disease in humans,'' Wang says.  Because this study occurred in a region characterized by extremely high levels of arsenic in drinking water, the lowest level of contamination examined was 50 micrograms per liter. The authors note that further research is required to assess the arterial risks associated with arsenic levels between 5 and 50 micrograms per liter. OSMIUM IS A GIRL'S BEST FRIEND? By SARAH GRAHAM  Whether it will compete for the title of a girl's best friend remains to be seen, but the element osmium can already challenge diamond in at least one respect: stiffness.  According to a report published in the current issue of Physical Review Letters, osmium can withstand compression better than any known material. The results provide a potentially new lead in the search for superhard materials.  Diamond's ability to resist scratches, dents and chipping _ in short, its hardness _ makes it an ideal choice for tips in industrial-strength machines. A related quality that is easier to calculate than hardness is an element's resistance to compression, known as its bulk modulus.  The properties are interrelated because the stiffest materials also tend to be the hardest ones. But even though osmium is much softer than diamond, initial estimates of its bulk modulus indicated a similar value to that of diamond.  Hyunchae Cynn and colleagues at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California set out to test the property experimentally. They squeezed osmium powder under 600,000 atmospheres of pressure and calculated changes in the spacing between atoms in the sample using X-ray diffraction patterns. The team reports that osmium's bulk modulus is 462 gigapascals (GPa) as compared to diamond's 443 GPa. ANXIETY DISORDERS MAY BEGIN IN INFANCY By KATE WONG  The absence of a key signaling protein in the brain during infancy could lead to anxiety disorders later in life, scientists say.  According to findings published in the journal Nature, mice lacking the receptor protein for the chemical messenger serotonin just after birth exhibit abnormal anxiety as adults.  Researchers have known for some time that mice genetically engineered to lack the receptor for serotonin, a neurotransmitter, show anxiety-like behavior. But the new results go one step further, revealing when in life and where in the brain the link between serotonin receptors and anxiety behavior is forged.  As in earlier studies, the investigators, led by Rene Hen of Columbia University, first created a line of so-called knockout mice that lacked the gene encoding the receptor protein. Those mice showed the expected signs of anxiety, such as moving around less in open spaces than normal animals.  To determine which of the two receptor populations _ the one in the forebrain or the one in the brain stem _ is most critical in that regard, the team then crossed the knockout mice with a line engineered to activate receptor expression in particular brain regions.  The resulting line of double-transgenic ``rescue'' animals expressed the serotonin receptors only in the forebrain, but exhibited normal anxiety behavior. Further tests, in which the drug doxycycline was used to suppress the receptors in mice at various stages of development, showed that eliminating the receptors in juvenile or adult mice did not elicit over-anxiousness.  ``Forebrain serotonin receptors are needed during the development of newborns to modulate the predisposition to anxiety-like behavior, but are no longer critical during adult life,'' Solomon Snyder of Johns Hopkins University explains in a commentary accompanying the report.  He proposes that variations in serotonin-sensitive neurons and serotonin receptors early in life might account for the importance of maternal nurturing in preventing emotional disorders later in life. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020403.0054 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of a glass of drinking water.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American ARSENIC IN DRINKING WATER MAY ACCELERATE ARTERY DISEASE By SARAH GRAHAM  Determining a new federal standard for acceptable levels of arsenic in drinking water was no easy task. Now new research adds to the list of ills caused by exposure to the element.  According to a study published in Circulation: Journal of the American Heart Association, long-term exposure to arsenic in drinking water is directly related to the development of atherosclerosis in the arteries leading to the brain.  Chih-Hao Wang of the National Taiwan University and colleagues studied 463 people living in an area of Taiwan with high rates of arseniasis, or chronic arsenic poisoning. Scientists have tracked the amount of arsenic in well water in the region for more than four decades.  Combining these records with detailed residential and medical histories allowed the team to determine the amount of arsenic exposure for each participant. The researchers then used ultrasound to measure the amount of atherosclerotic plaque in subjects' carotid arteries, which carry blood to the brain.  People with the highest arsenic exposure, they report, had three times the risk of atherosclerosis as seen in those who were not exposed to it.  ``Our results indicate that long-term arsenic exposure may lead to the progression or acceleration of carotid artery disease and most likely generalized artery disease in humans,'' Wang says.  Because this study occurred in a region characterized by extremely high levels of arsenic in drinking water, the lowest level of contamination examined was 50 micrograms per liter. The authors note that further research is required to assess the arterial risks associated with arsenic levels between 5 and 50 micrograms per liter. OSMIUM IS A GIRL'S BEST FRIEND? By SARAH GRAHAM  Whether it will compete for the title of a girl's best friend remains to be seen, but the element osmium can already challenge diamond in at least one respect: stiffness.  According to a report published in the current issue of Physical Review Letters, osmium can withstand compression better than any known material. The results provide a potentially new lead in the search for superhard materials.  Diamond's ability to resist scratches, dents and chipping _ in short, its hardness _ makes it an ideal choice for tips in industrial-strength machines. A related quality that is easier to calculate than hardness is an element's resistance to compression, known as its bulk modulus.  The properties are interrelated because the stiffest materials also tend to be the hardest ones. But even though osmium is much softer than diamond, initial estimates of its bulk modulus indicated a similar value to that of diamond.  Hyunchae Cynn and colleagues at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California set out to test the property experimentally. They squeezed osmium powder under 600,000 atmospheres of pressure and calculated changes in the spacing between atoms in the sample using X-ray diffraction patterns. The team reports that osmium's bulk modulus is 462 gigapascals (GPa) as compared to diamond's 443 GPa. ANXIETY DISORDERS MAY BEGIN IN INFANCY By KATE WONG  The absence of a key signaling protein in the brain during infancy could lead to anxiety disorders later in life, scientists say.  According to findings published in the journal Nature, mice lacking the receptor protein for the chemical messenger serotonin just after birth exhibit abnormal anxiety as adults.  Researchers have known for some time that mice genetically engineered to lack the receptor for serotonin, a neurotransmitter, show anxiety-like behavior. But the new results go one step further, revealing when in life and where in the brain the link between serotonin receptors and anxiety behavior is forged.  As in earlier studies, the investigators, led by Rene Hen of Columbia University, first created a line of so-called knockout mice that lacked the gene encoding the receptor protein. Those mice showed the expected signs of anxiety, such as moving around less in open spaces than normal animals.  To determine which of the two receptor populations _ the one in the forebrain or the one in the brain stem _ is most critical in that regard, the team then crossed the knockout mice with a line engineered to activate receptor expression in particular brain regions.  The resulting line of double-transgenic ``rescue'' animals expressed the serotonin receptors only in the forebrain, but exhibited normal anxiety behavior. Further tests, in which the drug doxycycline was used to suppress the receptors in mice at various stages of development, showed that eliminating the receptors in juvenile or adult mice did not elicit over-anxiousness.  ``Forebrain serotonin receptors are needed during the development of newborns to modulate the predisposition to anxiety-like behavior, but are no longer critical during adult life,'' Solomon Snyder of Johns Hopkins University explains in a commentary accompanying the report.  He proposes that variations in serotonin-sensitive neurons and serotonin receptors early in life might account for the importance of maternal nurturing in preventing emotional disorders later in life. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020403.0055 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of a glass of drinking water.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American ARSENIC IN DRINKING WATER MAY ACCELERATE ARTERY DISEASE By SARAH GRAHAM  Determining a new federal standard for acceptable levels of arsenic in drinking water was no easy task. Now new research adds to the list of ills caused by exposure to the element.  According to a study published in Circulation: Journal of the American Heart Association, long-term exposure to arsenic in drinking water is directly related to the development of atherosclerosis in the arteries leading to the brain.  Chih-Hao Wang of the National Taiwan University and colleagues studied 463 people living in an area of Taiwan with high rates of arseniasis, or chronic arsenic poisoning. Scientists have tracked the amount of arsenic in well water in the region for more than four decades.  Combining these records with detailed residential and medical histories allowed the team to determine the amount of arsenic exposure for each participant. The researchers then used ultrasound to measure the amount of atherosclerotic plaque in subjects' carotid arteries, which carry blood to the brain.  People with the highest arsenic exposure, they report, had three times the risk of atherosclerosis as seen in those who were not exposed to it.  ``Our results indicate that long-term arsenic exposure may lead to the progression or acceleration of carotid artery disease and most likely generalized artery disease in humans,'' Wang says.  Because this study occurred in a region characterized by extremely high levels of arsenic in drinking water, the lowest level of contamination examined was 50 micrograms per liter. The authors note that further research is required to assess the arterial risks associated with arsenic levels between 5 and 50 micrograms per liter. OSMIUM IS A GIRL'S BEST FRIEND? By SARAH GRAHAM  Whether it will compete for the title of a girl's best friend remains to be seen, but the element osmium can already challenge diamond in at least one respect: stiffness.  According to a report published in the current issue of Physical Review Letters, osmium can withstand compression better than any known material. The results provide a potentially new lead in the search for superhard materials.  Diamond's ability to resist scratches, dents and chipping _ in short, its hardness _ makes it an ideal choice for tips in industrial-strength machines. A related quality that is easier to calculate than hardness is an element's resistance to compression, known as its bulk modulus.  The properties are interrelated because the stiffest materials also tend to be the hardest ones. But even though osmium is much softer than diamond, initial estimates of its bulk modulus indicated a similar value to that of diamond.  Hyunchae Cynn and colleagues at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California set out to test the property experimentally. They squeezed osmium powder under 600,000 atmospheres of pressure and calculated changes in the spacing between atoms in the sample using X-ray diffraction patterns. The team reports that osmium's bulk modulus is 462 gigapascals (GPa) as compared to diamond's 443 GPa. ANXIETY DISORDERS MAY BEGIN IN INFANCY By KATE WONG  The absence of a key signaling protein in the brain during infancy could lead to anxiety disorders later in life, scientists say.  According to findings published in the journal Nature, mice lacking the receptor protein for the chemical messenger serotonin just after birth exhibit abnormal anxiety as adults.  Researchers have known for some time that mice genetically engineered to lack the receptor for serotonin, a neurotransmitter, show anxiety-like behavior. But the new results go one step further, revealing when in life and where in the brain the link between serotonin receptors and anxiety behavior is forged.  As in earlier studies, the investigators, led by Rene Hen of Columbia University, first created a line of so-called knockout mice that lacked the gene encoding the receptor protein. Those mice showed the expected signs of anxiety, such as moving around less in open spaces than normal animals.  To determine which of the two receptor populations _ the one in the forebrain or the one in the brain stem _ is most critical in that regard, the team then crossed the knockout mice with a line engineered to activate receptor expression in particular brain regions.  The resulting line of double-transgenic ``rescue'' animals expressed the serotonin receptors only in the forebrain, but exhibited normal anxiety behavior. Further tests, in which the drug doxycycline was used to suppress the receptors in mice at various stages of development, showed that eliminating the receptors in juvenile or adult mice did not elicit over-anxiousness.  ``Forebrain serotonin receptors are needed during the development of newborns to modulate the predisposition to anxiety-like behavior, but are no longer critical during adult life,'' Solomon Snyder of Johns Hopkins University explains in a commentary accompanying the report.  He proposes that variations in serotonin-sensitive neurons and serotonin receptors early in life might account for the importance of maternal nurturing in preventing emotional disorders later in life. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020403.0056 type=multi > <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-BRIEFS-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> SCIENCE SCAN (FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE) (Includes color image of a glass of drinking water.) (ATTENTION EDITORS: This briefs column is for use by clients of The New York Times Syndicate's SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE. For information about becoming a client of this service, contact the New York Times Syndicate sales representative listed at the end of the text.) c.2002 Scientific American ARSENIC IN DRINKING WATER MAY ACCELERATE ARTERY DISEASE By SARAH GRAHAM  Determining a new federal standard for acceptable levels of arsenic in drinking water was no easy task. Now new research adds to the list of ills caused by exposure to the element.  According to a study published in Circulation: Journal of the American Heart Association, long-term exposure to arsenic in drinking water is directly related to the development of atherosclerosis in the arteries leading to the brain.  Chih-Hao Wang of the National Taiwan University and colleagues studied 463 people living in an area of Taiwan with high rates of arseniasis, or chronic arsenic poisoning. Scientists have tracked the amount of arsenic in well water in the region for more than four decades.  Combining these records with detailed residential and medical histories allowed the team to determine the amount of arsenic exposure for each participant. The researchers then used ultrasound to measure the amount of atherosclerotic plaque in subjects' carotid arteries, which carry blood to the brain.  People with the highest arsenic exposure, they report, had three times the risk of atherosclerosis as seen in those who were not exposed to it.  ``Our results indicate that long-term arsenic exposure may lead to the progression or acceleration of carotid artery disease and most likely generalized artery disease in humans,'' Wang says.  Because this study occurred in a region characterized by extremely high levels of arsenic in drinking water, the lowest level of contamination examined was 50 micrograms per liter. The authors note that further research is required to assess the arterial risks associated with arsenic levels between 5 and 50 micrograms per liter. OSMIUM IS A GIRL'S BEST FRIEND? By SARAH GRAHAM  Whether it will compete for the title of a girl's best friend remains to be seen, but the element osmium can already challenge diamond in at least one respect: stiffness.  According to a report published in the current issue of Physical Review Letters, osmium can withstand compression better than any known material. The results provide a potentially new lead in the search for superhard materials.  Diamond's ability to resist scratches, dents and chipping _ in short, its hardness _ makes it an ideal choice for tips in industrial-strength machines. A related quality that is easier to calculate than hardness is an element's resistance to compression, known as its bulk modulus.  The properties are interrelated because the stiffest materials also tend to be the hardest ones. But even though osmium is much softer than diamond, initial estimates of its bulk modulus indicated a similar value to that of diamond.  Hyunchae Cynn and colleagues at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California set out to test the property experimentally. They squeezed osmium powder under 600,000 atmospheres of pressure and calculated changes in the spacing between atoms in the sample using X-ray diffraction patterns. The team reports that osmium's bulk modulus is 462 gigapascals (GPa) as compared to diamond's 443 GPa. ANXIETY DISORDERS MAY BEGIN IN INFANCY By KATE WONG  The absence of a key signaling protein in the brain during infancy could lead to anxiety disorders later in life, scientists say.  According to findings published in the journal Nature, mice lacking the receptor protein for the chemical messenger serotonin just after birth exhibit abnormal anxiety as adults.  Researchers have known for some time that mice genetically engineered to lack the receptor for serotonin, a neurotransmitter, show anxiety-like behavior. But the new results go one step further, revealing when in life and where in the brain the link between serotonin receptors and anxiety behavior is forged.  As in earlier studies, the investigators, led by Rene Hen of Columbia University, first created a line of so-called knockout mice that lacked the gene encoding the receptor protein. Those mice showed the expected signs of anxiety, such as moving around less in open spaces than normal animals.  To determine which of the two receptor populations _ the one in the forebrain or the one in the brain stem _ is most critical in that regard, the team then crossed the knockout mice with a line engineered to activate receptor expression in particular brain regions.  The resulting line of double-transgenic ``rescue'' animals expressed the serotonin receptors only in the forebrain, but exhibited normal anxiety behavior. Further tests, in which the drug doxycycline was used to suppress the receptors in mice at various stages of development, showed that eliminating the receptors in juvenile or adult mice did not elicit over-anxiousness.  ``Forebrain serotonin receptors are needed during the development of newborns to modulate the predisposition to anxiety-like behavior, but are no longer critical during adult life,'' Solomon Snyder of Johns Hopkins University explains in a commentary accompanying the report.  He proposes that variations in serotonin-sensitive neurons and serotonin receptors early in life might account for the importance of maternal nurturing in preventing emotional disorders later in life. -0-  For more information on the topics covered in the Scientific American News Service, visit www.sciam.com. (Distributed by New York Times Special Features)  EDITOR: Visit The New York Times Syndicate Web site at http://www.nytimes.com/syndicate for more information on SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE and other features.  NONSUBSCRIBERS: To subscribe to SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN NEWS SERVICE, please contact New York Times Syndicate sales representative Ana Pena at 212-499-3333. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20020403.0057 type=story > <HEADLINE> HAS THE SPACE AGE STALLED? </HEADLINE> <DATELINE>  (BC-SCIENTIFIC-AMERICAN-ART-NYTSF) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200204.gz"
"137604"	"they"	"report"	" Scientists in Germany have added a new twist to the nature versus nurture debate. With honeybees, they report, it's more a case of temperature versus nurture. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200305.gz"
"138723"	"they"	"report"	" The spleen, they report, turns out to contain so-called precursor cells, which can regenerate organs when prompted, much like stem cells. Raja Mishra can be reached at rmishra(at)globe.com. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20031114.0024 type=story > <HEADLINE> JAY-Z'S BRILLIANCE COMES ONLY IN FLASHES ON `BLACK' </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> 11-14-03 15:18:00EST (BC-MUSIC-JAYZ-BOS) </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200311.gz"
"153489"	"they"	"report"	" The authors conclude that people may be less rational in their voting decisions than they think. If the one-second test is accurate in determining competence, they report, it might function well as a decision-making technique. Unfortunately, no good evidence suggests that inferences drawn from a person's facial appearance can predict character or skills. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200506.gz"
"153869"	"they"	"report"	" The authors conclude that people may be less rational in their voting decisions than they think. If the one-second test is accurate in determining competence, they report, it may function well as a decision-making technique. Unfortunately, no evidence suggests that inferences drawn from a person's facial appearance can predict character or skills. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200506.gz"
"164562"	"they"	"report"	" Instead, they report, plans are being made in San Francisco for the day in 2006 when Bonds seems destined to pass Babe Ruth's home-run total. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200603.gz"
