"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"89353"	"we"	"sauna-ed"	" RITUAL _ The sweat lodge is dome-shaped, built of interlaced saplings and covered with blankets. Inside, it's pitch-black and blood-warm. Vance Littlebird, a hugely proportioned Cheyenne healer, scatters flakes of cedar and sweetgrass on a pile of heated lava rocks at the center of the lodge. The temperature rises to suffocating, brain-frying heights. As the 15 participants sing to the beat of a deerskin rattle, their sweat glands spring open. Finally, Littlebird opens the flap on the round door and the blessedly cool late winter air rushes in. Bradd Shore, anthropologist and Emory University professor, uncrosses his legs and crawls through the circle of light into his back yard in East Cobb County, where he's hosting this Native American ceremony. Shore has been to many an exotic locale, examining ritual and myth in primitive societies. On this occasion, the exotic locale has come right to his own cul-de-sac. Dressed in shorts and a ``Don't Worry, Be Hopi'' T-shirt, the stocky scholar couldn't be happier. ``We came, we sauna-ed, we conquered,'' he crows, his bright pink face wreathed in a beatific smile. (Emerson, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution) WITH PHOTO. EMBARGOED FOR SUNDAY </P> "	"nyt_eng_200103.gz"
"89355"	"we"	"sauna-ed"	" RITUAL _ The sweat lodge is dome-shaped, built of interlaced saplings and covered with blankets. Inside, it's pitch-black and blood-warm. Vance Littlebird, a hugely proportioned Cheyenne healer, scatters flakes of cedar and sweetgrass on a pile of heated lava rocks at the center of the lodge. The temperature rises to suffocating, brain-frying heights. As the 15 participants sing to the beat of a deerskin rattle, their sweat glands spring open. Finally, Littlebird opens the flap on the round door and the blessedly cool late winter air rushes in. Bradd Shore, anthropologist and Emory University professor, uncrosses his legs and crawls through the circle of light into his back yard in East Cobb County, where he's hosting this Native American ceremony. Shore has been to many an exotic locale, examining ritual and myth in primitive societies. On this occasion, the exotic locale has come right to his own cul-de-sac. Dressed in shorts and a ``Don't Worry, Be Hopi'' T-shirt, the stocky scholar couldn't be happier. ``We came, we sauna-ed, we conquered,'' he crows, his bright pink face wreathed in a beatific smile. (Emerson, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution) WITH PHOTO. EMBARGOED FOR SUNDAY </P> "	"nyt_eng_200103.gz"
"89400"	"we"	"sauna-ed"	" ``We came, we sauna-ed, we conquered,'' he crows, his bright pink face wreathed in a beatific smile. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200103.gz"
"89416"	"we"	"sauna-ed"	" RITUAL _ The sweat lodge is dome-shaped, built of interlaced saplings and covered with blankets. Inside, it's pitch-black and blood-warm. Vance Littlebird, a hugely proportioned Cheyenne healer, scatters flakes of cedar and sweetgrass on a pile of heated lava rocks at the center of the lodge. The temperature rises to suffocating, brain-frying heights. As the 15 participants sing to the beat of a deerskin rattle, their sweat glands spring open. Finally, Littlebird opens the flap on the round door and the blessedly cool late winter air rushes in. Bradd Shore, anthropologist and Emory University professor, uncrosses his legs and crawls through the circle of light into his back yard in East Cobb County, where he's hosting this Native American ceremony. Shore has been to many an exotic locale, examining ritual and myth in primitive societies. On this occasion, the exotic locale has come right to his own cul-de-sac. Dressed in shorts and a ``Don't Worry, Be Hopi'' T-shirt, the stocky scholar couldn't be happier. ``We came, we sauna-ed, we conquered,'' he crows, his bright pink face wreathed in a beatific smile. (Emerson, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution) WITH PHOTO </P> "	"nyt_eng_200103.gz"
"89446"	"we"	"sauna-ed"	" RITUAL _ The sweat lodge is dome-shaped, built of interlaced saplings and covered with blankets. Inside, it's pitch-black and blood-warm. Vance Littlebird, a hugely proportioned Cheyenne healer, scatters flakes of cedar and sweetgrass on a pile of heated lava rocks at the center of the lodge. The temperature rises to suffocating, brain-frying heights. As the 15 participants sing to the beat of a deerskin rattle, their sweat glands spring open. Finally, Littlebird opens the flap on the round door and the blessedly cool late winter air rushes in. Bradd Shore, anthropologist and Emory University professor, uncrosses his legs and crawls through the circle of light into his back yard in East Cobb County, where he's hosting this Native American ceremony. Shore has been to many an exotic locale, examining ritual and myth in primitive societies. On this occasion, the exotic locale has come right to his own cul-de-sac. Dressed in shorts and a ``Don't Worry, Be Hopi'' T-shirt, the stocky scholar couldn't be happier. ``We came, we sauna-ed, we conquered,'' he crows, his bright pink face wreathed in a beatific smile. (Emerson, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution) WITH PHOTO </P> "	"nyt_eng_200103.gz"
"89460"	"we"	"sauna-ed"	" ``We came, we sauna-ed, we conquered,'' he crows, his bright pink face wreathed in a beatific smile. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200103.gz"
"89519"	"we"	"sauna-ed"	" RITUAL _ The sweat lodge is dome-shaped, built of interlaced saplings and covered with blankets. Inside, it's pitch-black and blood-warm. Vance Littlebird, a hugely proportioned Cheyenne healer, scatters flakes of cedar and sweetgrass on a pile of heated lava rocks at the center of the lodge. The temperature rises to suffocating, brain-frying heights. As the 15 participants sing to the beat of a deerskin rattle, their sweat glands spring open. Finally, Littlebird opens the flap on the round door and the blessedly cool late winter air rushes in. Bradd Shore, anthropologist and Emory University professor, uncrosses his legs and crawls through the circle of light into his back yard in East Cobb County, where he's hosting this Native American ceremony. Shore has been to many an exotic locale, examining ritual and myth in primitive societies. On this occasion, the exotic locale has come right to his own cul-de-sac. Dressed in shorts and a ``Don't Worry, Be Hopi'' T-shirt, the stocky scholar couldn't be happier. ``We came, we sauna-ed, we conquered,'' he crows, his bright pink face wreathed in a beatific smile. (Emerson, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution) WITH PHOTO. MOVED. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200103.gz"
