"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"10616"	"it"	"seems)"	" On to the playoff picture. As you might have noticed, it's muddled, worse than ever. With two weeks to go, 16 of 28 teams are mathematically alive and kicking (mostly field goals, it seems), although several of each are hanging by a logarithm. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199412.gz"
"129448"	"it"	"seems)"	" The Muppets were on ``Saturday Night Live'' when it debuted in the 1970s, much to the chagrin of writer Michael O'Donoghue. ``I won't write for felt,'' he said. But the Muppets soon left, and the SNL cast and crew had lots of fights and lots of sex (Dan Aykroyd slept with everyone, it seems), took lots of drugs and experienced great highs and lows. Shales and Miller interviewed people who have worked on the show, and allow them to speak for themselves here. They describe a frenetic, competitive, ego-filled atmosphere in which young actors and writers danced wildly on the cutting edge of comedy. We learn that Gilda Radner was always sweet, John Belushi ambitious and difficult, Jane Curtin refreshingly sane, and Chevy Chase dislikable. Curtin, Chase and Aykroyd contribute thoughts, as do Lorne Michaels, Steve Martin, Billy Crystal, Bill Murray, Buck Henry, Alan Zweibel, Anne Beatts, Conan O'Brien, Jimmy Fallon, Will Ferrell, Alec Baldwin, Gwyneth &amp;gt; Paltrow and many more. If you're an SNL fan, it's hard to put down. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200210.gz"
"129449"	"it"	"seems)"	" The Muppets were on ``Saturday Night Live'' when it debuted in the 1970s, much to the chagrin of writer Michael O'Donoghue. ``I won't write for felt,'' he said. But the Muppets soon left, and the SNL cast and crew had lots of fights and lots of sex (Dan Aykroyd slept with everyone, it seems), took lots of drugs and experienced great highs and lows. Shales and Miller interviewed people who have worked on the show, and allow them to speak for themselves here. They describe a frenetic, competitive, ego-filled atmosphere in which young actors and writers danced wildly on the cutting edge of comedy. We learn that Gilda Radner was always sweet, John Belushi ambitious and difficult, Jane Curtin refreshingly sane, and Chevy Chase dislikable. Curtin, Chase and Aykroyd contribute thoughts, as do Lorne Michaels, Steve Martin, Billy Crystal, Bill Murray, Buck Henry, Alan Zweibel, Anne Beatts, Conan O'Brien, Jimmy Fallon, Will Ferrell, Alec Baldwin, Gwyneth &amp;gt; Paltrow and many more. If you're an SNL fan, it's hard to put down. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200210.gz"
"129450"	"it"	"seems)"	" The Muppets were on ``Saturday Night Live'' when it debuted in the 1970s, much to the chagrin of writer Michael O'Donoghue. ``I won't write for felt,'' he said. But the Muppets soon left, and the SNL cast and crew had lots of fights and lots of sex (Dan Aykroyd slept with everyone, it seems), took lots of drugs and experienced great highs and lows. Shales and Miller interviewed people who have worked on the show, and allow them to speak for themselves here. They describe a frenetic, competitive, ego-filled atmosphere in which young actors and writers danced wildly on the cutting edge of comedy. We learn that Gilda Radner was always sweet, John Belushi ambitious and difficult, Jane Curtin refreshingly sane, and Chevy Chase dislikable. Curtin, Chase and Aykroyd contribute thoughts, as do Lorne Michaels, Steve Martin, Billy Crystal, Bill Murray, Buck Henry, Alan Zweibel, Anne Beatts, Conan O'Brien, Jimmy Fallon, Will Ferrell, Alec Baldwin, Gwyneth &amp;gt; Paltrow and many more. If you're an SNL fan, it's hard to put down. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200210.gz"
"131013"	"it"	"seems)"	" Some of the re-creations offer the standard docu-scenes: carriages pulling up in front of buildings, people walking along cobblestone streets, redcoats marching shoulder to shoulder. But they're rendered nearly superfluous by actors in period costume functioning like the scholars and other experts who populate most historical documentaries. In the style of today's modern chautauquas, where performers mimic the garb and gab of figures from the past, Franklin comes to life in his own documentary. So do King George III, John Adams and Cotton Mather, as well as lesser-knowns with whom Franklin flirted (openly and often, it seems), floated (across the Atlantic, frequently) and flourished (in an astonishing number of ventures). One moment we see a talking-head historian discussing Franklin's take on a topic, and the next we see Franklin addressing it in his own words. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200211.gz"
"151150"	"it"	"seems)"	" The landlady of Pig Sty Alley, a loving caricature of a loud-mouthed, chain-smoking Hong Kong harridan (transplanted to Shanghai, it seems), is played by Yuen Qiu, one of the few women to do stunt work in Hong Kong films. She was like a big sister to Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung, said Chow, explaining that Yuen Qiu had also been a member of the legendary Seven Little Fortunes, the children's Beijing opera troupe that produced Chan, Hung and Yuen Wo Ping, the celebrated martial arts choreographer of The Matrix (and now, parodying his Matrix style, of Kung Fu Hustle). She's now a grandmother with two grandchildren, Chow said, I'm happy she agreed to come back to movies and back me up. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200503.gz"
"167356"	"it"	"seems)"	" Mrs. Smith, played with affecting simplicity by Houdyshell, listens with surprise, occasionally offering her own impressions. After her husband's lyrical monologue about the death of his beloved dog (a recurring motif for Eno, it seems), she says: Darling, that was beautiful. I never knew you had it in you. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200606.gz"
