"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"22076"	"we"	"slaughter"	" The newspaper Maariv reflected on how it took ``not a month or a year but two generations'' for Germany to be reconciled with Britain and France. And Maj. Gen. Matan Vilnai, the army's deputy chief of staff, said in a lecture that it was business as usual for Israelis and Palestinians. ``They slaughter, we slaughter,'' he was quoted as saying. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199505.gz"
"22181"	"we"	"slaughter"	" The newspaper Maariv reflected on how it took ``not a month or a year but two generations'' for Germany to be reconciled with Britain and France. And Maj. Gen. Matan Vilnai, the army's deputy chief of staff, said in a lecture that it was business as usual for Israelis and Palestinians. ``They slaughter, we slaughter,'' he was quoted as saying. </P> "	"nyt_eng_199505.gz"
"156688"	"they"	"slaughter"	" Sheehan's supporters said they had planned nearly 1,000 anti-war vigils across the country on Wednesday night. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050816.0207 type=advis > <HEADLINE> SUNDAY-EARLY-BUDGET-NYT </HEADLINE> <TEXT> The New York Times News Service plans the following articles from the Arts &amp; Leisure and Travel sections for use Sunday, August 21, and thereafter.  If you have questions about stories, call 888-346-9867 or 212-556-1927. For questions about photos, call 888-603-1036 or 212-556-4204. This budget will be updated as needed in the SUNDAY-FINAL-BUDGET, which moves Friday before 8 p.m. EST. Sunday Financial articles are budgeted separately on Thursday, then incorporated, with updates, into Friday's final Sunday budget.  Arts &amp; Leisure articles move with an e code; Travel articles, t.  MUSIC-MARKETING (Undated) -- As audiences seem to grow older and the public turns its attention away from concertgoing, orchestras around the country are adopting a wide array of methods, from the trivial to the thoughtful, to bring more people into the concert hall. They are hunting for the neophytes, the dabblers and mainly the ungray. By Daniel J. Wakin.  TV-HBO-ROME (Undated) -- HBO is the latest network to fall under the imperial spell with Rome, a 12-episode series produced jointly by the BBC and HBO at a cost of $100 million. Filmed at the Italian film studio Cinecitta, it features if not a cast of thousands, at least the television equivalent of Cecil B. DeMille extravagance. HBO is the ideal place for such imaginative play. The Sopranos, after all, are mobsters with Prozac, flat-screen television sets and social slights. (We sulk or sue, they slaughter, but otherwise, the discontents are eerily the same.) No other network, cable or broadcast, has a stronger mandate to update the rivalry of Julius Caesar and Pompey or the filial strains between Octavian and his mother Atia. Certainly no other network has more license to depict sex, violence and family intrigue (all premium cable gall is divided in three parts). By Alessandra Stanley.  THEATER-REVIVAL-SLUMP (Undated) There was a time -- lets call it the mid-1990s -- when if you wanted to turn a buck on Broadway, you turned to the past. Between 1994 and 1999, more than 25 musical revivals opened on Broadway, and more than a few did very well, including A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, Cabaret, Annie Get Your Gun and Grease. Perhaps the most successful of all was Chicago, which opened on Broadway in 1996 and continues to run and mint money. Chicago, like Carousel in 1994 and Cabaret in 1998, was embraced by critics for its cool cast and bold reinterpretation. But that was then. So far from being a safe haven in a famously tough business, musical revivals are now in the pits, beset by a series of high-profile losers and a shrinking number of bankable titles. By Jesse McKinley.  MOVIES  MOVIES-POLANSKI-FAGIN (Los Angeles) -- Toward the end of Roman Polanski's Oliver Twist, set for release in October, Oliver pays a visit to the imprisoned villain Fagin. He comes not to offer a righteous gesture of forgiveness, as in the Dickens novel, but simply to thank him. You were kind to me, the boy says. The departure is a tribute to a character who -- as reinvented by Polanski and his screenwriter, Ronald Harwood, and played by Sir Ben Kingsley -- delivers the movie's central moral lesson. You know what I consider the greatest sin in the world, my dear? Fagin says at a key moment. Ingratitude. And with such change comes a redemption that has been almost 170 years in the making. By Michael Joseph Gross.  TELEVISION  TV-ULTIMATE-FIGHTER (Las Vegas) -- For the young male television viewer who wishes the whiny reality-show participants would just step outside and settle things with their fists -- for you, sir, comes The Ultimate Fighter. The plot is primal: Throw 18 male boxers, wrestlers and assorted martial artists into a hidden-camera-infested house in Las Vegas, deprive them of phones, reading material, music, TV and women, and let the tensions build until they punch, stomp, choke and kick each other in a series of supervised but often bloody elimination fights inside a chain-link octagonal ring. With a mix of machismo and soap opera, and a love of technique -- even if the technique is sometimes that of slamming a knee into an opponent's face -- The Ultimate Fighter is the latest example of cable television's innovative attempts to pursue a male audience. As for female viewers, the broadcast networks can have 'em. By Bob Baker  Dance  DANCE-GUILLEM (London) -- Sylvie Guillem has never lacked character. So it was that in 1988, already the star dancer of her generation at 23, she walked out of the Paris Opera Ballet rather than bend to the will of its director, Rudolf Nureyev. At her next stop -- the Royal Ballet in London, where she remains a principal guest artist, guest being the operative word -- she was soon nicknamed Mademoiselle Non for being less than malleable. Yet if ballet directors have found her difficult, audiences have always loved her, both for her technical virtuosity, notably her ultrahigh extensions and acrobatic leaps, and for the passion and poignancy of her acting. In her case, temperament has been matched by talent. Today, more than two decades after Nureyev named her an etoile, or principal dancer, Guillem remains one of ballet's reigning divas, her mere presence onstage enough to fill theaters from London to Tokyo. By Alan Riding.  Art and Architecture  GRANNAN-PORTRAITS (Undated) -- Katy Grannan finds models for her portraits by placing classified advertisements in local papers. But she's not looking for adventure. I was uncomfortable approaching people I didn't know, she said on the phone from Berkeley, Calif. Out of that trepidation I started to place ads. More than 70 of these pictures made primarily in New York City, upstate New York, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania -- are to be published next month by the Aperture Foundation in Model American, Katy Grannan. Although each subject was a stranger to Grannan, none of the pictures seem formal or distant. What comes across instead is an unlikely blend of intimacy and artifice. By Philip Gefter.  Bestseller Lists  BESTSELLERS-HARD-L (Undated) -- Best-selling hardbacks, long-form list.  BESTSELLERS-HARD-S (Undated) -- Best-selling hardbacks, short-form list.  BESTSELLERS-PAPER-L (Undated) -- Best-selling paperbacks, long-form list.  BESTSELLERS-PAPER-S (Undated) -- Best-selling paperbacks, short-form list.  BESTSELLERS-CHILDREN (Undated) -- Best-selling children's books.  NOTEWORTHY-PAPERBACKS (Undated) -- Short summaries of other paperbacks.  ON-LANGUAGE (Undated) -- The weekly language column. By William Safire.  Editors, this column moves on the Monday or Tuesday before publication.  TRAVEL (t code)  TRAVEL-BELFAST (Undated) -- Belfast in the late 1980s was not what you would call an inviting spot. Sixteen years later, Belfast is almost unrecognizable. By Stuart Emmrich.  TRAVEL-ICELAND (Undated) -- In Reykjavik, where the late-night bars hum with hypnotic beats piped in at a low volume and the women are lithe with high cheekbones and upturned noses, a visitor to Iceland might for a moment forget his proximity to the trolls of Middle Earth. But venture out of the city and you'll find a hinterland of geysers and volcanoes and steamy pits of gurgling sulfur. Cross into the lava desert or the geothermic badlands and you'll understand why the island's people -- descendants of Vikings, most of them -- talk freely of elves and the invisible people. By Mark Sundeen.  TRAVEL-JAPAN-SHIMODA (Undated) -- The Izu Peninsula is one of Tokyo's most popular getaways, a quick escape that can be private or social, unpretentious or fashionable, depending on your mood. During the dozen years my wife and I spent in Japan, we visited Izu a handful of times, staying at hot springs and resort hotels on both coasts. But our best memories were of Shimoda, the historic and scenic city at the tip of the peninsula and the end of the train line. Shimoda's baths, local seafood and ample sunshine do a good job of washing away Tokyo's grime. By Ken Belson.  TRAVEL-VIETNAM-WINDSURF (Undated) -- The wind has defined Mui Ne, a small fishing village in southern Vietnam's Binh Thuan province. Blowing in straight off the South China Sea, the wind molds and remolds the white and pink-gold sand dunes that surround Mui Ne and frustrates the fishermen. But in recent years, the wind has altered the landscape of Mui Ne in a different way -- by luring to its 12 miles of gently arcing beach windsurfers and kitesurfers, part of a vanguard of vacationers eager to make the 120-mile trip northeast from Ho Chi Minh City in search of the next new, clean, unspoiled stretch of sand. By Matt Gross.  TRAVEL-SINGLE-PARENTS (Undated) -- The travel industry is beginning to look beyond the nuclear family and offer more options to single parents and same-sex couples traveling with their children. By Amy Gunderson.  Regular Features  PRACTICAL-TRAVELER (Undated) -- Some practical tips for traveling with a laptop. By David A. Kelly.  (Editors: Budgets and advisories are internal documents not for publication or redistribution outside of client news organizations. Unauthorized use of budgets and advisories constitutes a violation of our contract terms. All clients receive all budgets, but only full-service clients receive all stories. Please check your level of service to determine which stories you will receive.)  NEW YORK TIMES PARTNERS:  Please note that the New York Times News Service report includes news and features from The Arizona Republic, The Boston Globe, Cox News Service, The Denver Post, The Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Hearst Newspapers, The Houston Chronicle, The Kansas City Star, The Los Angeles Daily News, McClatchy News Service, The San Francisco Chronicle, The Seattle Post-Intelligencer, The St. Petersburg Times and the New York Times Regional Newspapers. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050816.0208 type=story > <HEADLINE> BOSTON SCIENTIFIC MAY PAY $750M TO SETTLE STENT CASE </HEADLINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200508.gz"
"156777"	"they"	"slaughter"	" In a literary global world, one is what one reads. And in the United States, foreign fare is too scarce. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050819.0215 type=advis > <HEADLINE> SUNDAY-FINAL-BUDGET-NYT </HEADLINE> <TEXT> Eds, updates with photo and graphic notes, adds cover stories.&amp;gt;  The New York Times News Service has moved the following entertainment/arts, travel, financial, auto and style articles this week for release Sunday, Aug. 21. If you have questions about stories, call 888-346-9867 or 212-556-1927. For questions about photos, call 888-603-1036 or 212-556-4204.  MUSIC-MARKETING (Undated) -- As audiences seem to grow older and the public turns its attention away from concertgoing, orchestras around the country are adopting a wide array of methods, from the trivial to the thoughtful, to bring more people into the concert hall. They are hunting for the neophytes, the dabblers and mainly the ungray. By Daniel J. Wakin.  With photos NYT 36-38.  TV-HBO-ROME (Undated) -- HBO is the latest network to fall under the imperial spell with Rome, a 12-episode series produced jointly by the BBC and HBO at a cost of $100 million. Filmed at the Italian film studio Cinecitta, it features if not a cast of thousands, at least the television equivalent of Cecil B. DeMille extravagance. HBO is the ideal place for such imaginative play. The Sopranos, after all, are mobsters with Prozac, flat-screen television sets and social slights. (We sulk or sue, they slaughter, but otherwise, the discontents are eerily the same.) No other network, cable or broadcast, has a stronger mandate to update the rivalry of Julius Caesar and Pompey or the filial strains between Octavian and his mother Atia. Certainly no other network has more license to depict sex, violence and family intrigue (all premium cable gall is divided in three parts). By Alessandra Stanley.  With photo NYT 61.  THEATER-REVIVAL-SLUMP (Undated) There was a time -- lets call it the mid-1990s -- when if you wanted to turn a buck on Broadway, you turned to the past. Between 1994 and 1999, more than 25 musical revivals opened on Broadway, and more than a few did very well, including A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum, Cabaret, Annie Get Your Gun and Grease. Perhaps the most successful of all was Chicago, which opened on Broadway in 1996 and continues to run and mint money. Chicago, like Carousel in 1994 and Cabaret in 1998, was embraced by critics for its cool cast and bold reinterpretation. But that was then. So far from being a safe haven in a famously tough business, musical revivals are now in the pits, beset by a series of high-profile losers and a shrinking number of bankable titles. By Jesse McKinley.  With photo NYT 62.  MOVIES  MOVIES-POLANSKI-FAGIN (Los Angeles) -- Toward the end of Roman Polanski's Oliver Twist, set for release in October, Oliver pays a visit to the imprisoned villain Fagin. He comes not to offer a righteous gesture of forgiveness, as in the Dickens novel, but simply to thank him. You were kind to me, the boy says. The departure is a tribute to a character who -- as reinvented by Polanski and his screenwriter, Ronald Harwood, and played by Sir Ben Kingsley -- delivers the movie's central moral lesson. You know what I consider the greatest sin in the world, my dear? Fagin says at a key moment. Ingratitude. And with such change comes a redemption that has been almost 170 years in the making. By Michael Joseph Gross.  TELEVISION  TV-ULTIMATE-FIGHTER (Las Vegas) -- For the young male television viewer who wishes the whiny reality-show participants would just step outside and settle things with their fists -- for you, sir, comes The Ultimate Fighter. The plot is primal: Throw 18 male boxers, wrestlers and assorted martial artists into a hidden-camera-infested house in Las Vegas, deprive them of phones, reading material, music, TV and women, and let the tensions build until they punch, stomp, choke and kick each other in a series of supervised but often bloody elimination fights inside a chain-link octagonal ring. With a mix of machismo and soap opera, and a love of technique -- even if the technique is sometimes that of slamming a knee into an opponent's face -- The Ultimate Fighter is the latest example of cable television's innovative attempts to pursue a male audience. As for female viewers, the broadcast networks can have 'em. By Bob Baker  DANCE-GUILLEM (London) -- Sylvie Guillem has never lacked character. So it was that in 1988, already the star dancer of her generation at 23, she walked out of the Paris Opera Ballet rather than bend to the will of its director, Rudolf Nureyev. At her next stop -- the Royal Ballet in London, where she remains a principal guest artist, guest being the operative word -- she was soon nicknamed Mademoiselle Non for being less than malleable. Yet if ballet directors have found her difficult, audiences have always loved her, both for her technical virtuosity, notably her ultrahigh extensions and acrobatic leaps, and for the passion and poignancy of her acting. In her case, temperament has been matched by talent. Today, more than two decades after Nureyev named her an etoile, or principal dancer, Guillem remains one of ballet's reigning divas, her mere presence onstage enough to fill theaters from London to Tokyo. By Alan Riding.  Art and Architecture  GRANNAN-PORTRAITS (Undated) -- Katy Grannan finds models for her portraits by placing classified advertisements in local papers. But she's not looking for adventure. I was uncomfortable approaching people I didn't know, she said on the phone from Berkeley, Calif. Out of that trepidation I started to place ads. More than 70 of these pictures made primarily in New York City, upstate New York, Massachusetts, and Pennsylvania -- are to be published next month by the Aperture Foundation in Model American, Katy Grannan. Although each subject was a stranger to Grannan, none of the pictures seem formal or distant. What comes across instead is an unlikely blend of intimacy and artifice. By Philip Gefter.  Bestseller Lists  BESTSELLERS-HARD-L (Undated) -- Best-selling hardbacks, long-form list.  BESTSELLERS-HARD-S (Undated) -- Best-selling hardbacks, short-form list.  BESTSELLERS-PAPER-L (Undated) -- Best-selling paperbacks, long-form list.  BESTSELLERS-PAPER-S (Undated) -- Best-selling paperbacks, short-form list.  BESTSELLERS-CHILDREN (Undated) -- Best-selling children's books.  NOTEWORTHY-PAPERBACKS (Undated) -- Short summaries of other paperbacks.  ON-LANGUAGE (Undated) -- The weekly language column. By William Safire.  Editors, this column moves on the Monday or Tuesday before publication.  TRAVEL-BELFAST (Undated) -- Belfast in the late 1980s was not what you would call an inviting spot. Sixteen years later, Belfast is almost unrecognizable. By Stuart Emmrich.  With photos NYT 15-19.  TRAVEL-ICELAND (Undated) -- In Reykjavik, where the late-night bars hum with hypnotic beats piped in at a low volume and the women are lithe with high cheekbones and upturned noses, a visitor to Iceland might for a moment forget his proximity to the trolls of Middle Earth. But venture out of the city and you'll find a hinterland of geysers and volcanoes and steamy pits of gurgling sulfur. Cross into the lava desert or the geothermic badlands and you'll understand why the island's people -- descendants of Vikings, most of them -- talk freely of elves and the invisible people. By Mark Sundeen.  With photos NYT 28-33.  TRAVEL-JAPAN-SHIMODA (Undated) -- The Izu Peninsula is one of Tokyo's most popular getaways, a quick escape that can be private or social, unpretentious or fashionable, depending on your mood. During the dozen years my wife and I spent in Japan, we visited Izu a handful of times, staying at hot springs and resort hotels on both coasts. But our best memories were of Shimoda, the historic and scenic city at the tip of the peninsula and the end of the train line. Shimoda's baths, local seafood and ample sunshine do a good job of washing away Tokyo's grime. By Ken Belson.  With photos NYT 20-23.  TRAVEL-VIETNAM-WINDSURF (Undated) -- The wind has defined Mui Ne, a small fishing village in southern Vietnam's Binh Thuan province. Blowing in straight off the South China Sea, the wind molds and remolds the white and pink-gold sand dunes that surround Mui Ne and frustrates the fishermen. But in recent years, the wind has altered the landscape of Mui Ne in a different way -- by luring to its 12 miles of gently arcing beach windsurfers and kitesurfers, part of a vanguard of vacationers eager to make the 120-mile trip northeast from Ho Chi Minh City in search of the next new, clean, unspoiled stretch of sand. By Matt Gross.  With photos NYT 65, 66.  TRAVEL-SINGLE-PARENTS (Undated) -- The travel industry is beginning to look beyond the nuclear family and offer more options to single parents and same-sex couples traveling with their children. By Amy Gunderson.  Regular Features  PRACTICAL-TRAVELER (Undated) -- Some practical tips for traveling with a laptop. By David A. Kelly.  PURCELL-MORGAN (Undated) -- Philip J. Purcell is driving fast down a wide western highway as country music fills the plush interior of his Mercedes jeep. It's a glorious summer day in Salt Lake City, where the ousted Morgan Stanley chief executive has come to lick his wounds, seeking the solace of hometown friends and family -- as far removed as a man can get from the serpentine intrigues of Wall Street. By Landon Thomas Jr.  With photo.  SHILLER-PREDICT (Undated) -- Can the sky fall twice for Robert Shiller? Nine years after his irrational exuberance lunch with Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan and five years after the markets finally did crash, Shiller is trying to sound the same warning for real estate that he did for stocks. In speeches, in television and radio interviews and in a second edition of his prophetic 2000 book, Irrational Exuberance, he is arguing that the housing craze is another bubble destined to end badly, just as every other real-estate boom on record has. By David Leonhardt.  MARKET-WATCH (Undated) -- Weekly Wall Street commentary. By Gretchen Morgenson.  ECON-COLUMN (Undated) -- Productivity is up. Productivity is down. In assessing the state of the economy, pick your statistics. By Daniel Gross.  With graphic.  STRATEGIES-COLUMN (Undated) -- If the contrarians are at the gate, they may just be lost. Stock market commentary by Mark Hulbert.  MARK-CUBAN-REGISTER (Undated) -- Mark Cuban, the entrepreneur and owner of the Dallas Mavericks basketball team, has a reputation for screaming like a deranged fan from the sidelines during games. Now, Cuban, who became a billionaire by selling Broadcasting.com to Yahoo in 1999, has focused his infamous bark on a corporate boardroom. The target of his anger is the board of a small Internet company called Register.com, which sells domain names (i.e. yourcompany.com) to individuals and small businesses. By Andrew Ross Sorkin.  WARREN-ADLER (Undated) --An interview with Warren Adler, author of The War of the Roses and more than 20 other novels, on the growing difficulties of getting published in the technological age. By Claudia H. Deutsch.  INVESTING  INVEST-ENERGY (Undated) -- If energy producers are not raking in enough cash from record-setting crude oil prices, they can always look forward to the tax breaks packed into a bill that President Bush signed into law earlier this month to promote new production. Such an embarrassment of riches has been luring investors into the sector, but some professionals are counseling caution and warning that it may be time to take profits while energy markets are still bubbling. By Conrad De Aenlle.  ABOUTCARS-CHARGER (Undated0 -- Review of the reborn Dodge Charger. What was once an iconic muscle car has become a large family sedan, albeit one with an aggressive look and an available Hemi V8 engine. And given the cars size and Mercedes-based engineering, the price is right. By Jerry Garrett.  With photo.  CARSMART-CHRYSLER (Undated) -- A review of the most muscular version of Chrysler's popular 300C sedan, the high-performance SRT8. By Peter Passell.  With photo.  Moving Sunday, for Monday release:  DISNEY-AUTOPIA (Undated) -- Its the 50th anniversary of the Autopia ride at Disneyland, the only surviving amusement from the original Tomorrowland. Conceived by Walt Disney as a way to showcase the coming glories of freeway travel, the once-futuristic ride seems rather quaint today in an age of smog, gridlock and freeway snipers. By Phil Patton.  TEEN-SUMMER (Wantagh, N.Y.) -- A summer night with teenagers: Hanging out at 24-hour fast-food joints and smoking and drinking in empty parking lots. You know what a perfect summer day is? Jenna Schulman, 16, asked. You go out till 4 in the morning and wake up at 2 in the afternoon. You go to the beach and lay in the sun and then come home to eat and take a shower. Then you go out with your friends and drink, and the next day do it all over again. By Corey Kilgannon.  With photo.  NURSE-DOUBLE-LIFE (Undated) -- A skilled nurse at a top fertility clinic in New Jersey has been charged with murdering her husband and dismembering his body. Her clients are aghast at the double life she led and struggle to reconcile the image of a compassionate and competent professional with that of someone who had shot her husband, dismembered him and carried on with her life and career for over a year before she was arrested. By Alex Williams.  With photo.  NY-CLOWNS (New York) -- Among cultural critics who have spent any time considering the meaning of the circus, clowns are often considered bold anarchists of the theatrical arts. Champions of ill-fitting clothes, itinerants who don't dwell on price-to-rent ratios, clowns are enemies of impulse control, adverse to agenda-setting. They thrive on humiliation and find truth in naivete. Clowns are that species of performer ontologically most at odds with all that is New York. And yet for some young people, the dream of the city cannot be denied, even if that dream hinges on a professional life for which a big red plastic nose and taste for pratfalls are singularly required. By Ginia Bellafante.  With photo.  OVER-90-TENNIS (Miami) -- The five pleasures of life, Gardnar Mulloy says, are eating, exercise, sleeping, bathing and sex. Mulloy has had ample time and experience to compile his list. He will be 92 in November; was married to a campus beauty queen for 55 years; thrives on a diet of milk, vegetables and fruit; easily navigates the crowded causeways of Dade County; and still plays tournament tennis -- doubles and singles. If he successfully defends his national titles in the over-90 championships on the grass courts of the Longwood Cricket Club outside Boston August 27, no one will be surprised. He has won 129 national titles, a Wimbledon doubles crown at 43, and is enshrined in nine halls of fame. He's 91, I'm 84, said Pancho Segura, the venerable teaching professional, whom Mulloy recruited to the University of Miami's tennis team more than six decades ago. When I grow up, I want to be like him. By Neil Amdur.  With photo.  MODERN-LOVE (Undated) -- How can you dismiss someone you might love just because of one annoying habit? Was it Larry's fault he started smoking at 16 and couldn't seem to stop? By Hyla Sebasian Finn.  DANE-COOK-COMEDY (Los Angeles) -- Though he has never set foot in a college classroom, Dane Cook is a Very Big Man on Campus. Thanks to this comedian's rabid student fan base, his recently released comedy CD, Retaliation, sold almost 90,000 copies its first week out, making it the first comedy album to crack Billboard's Top 5 since Steve Martin's Wild and Crazy Guy made its debut in 1978. By Pauline O'Connor.  With photo.  (Editors: Budgets and advisories are internal documents not for publication or redistribution outside of client news organizations. Unauthorized use of budgets and advisories constitutes a violation of our contract terms. All clients receive all budgets, but only full-service clients receive all stories. Please check your level of service to determine which stories you will receive.) </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050819.0216 type=story > <HEADLINE> THE WELD WE KNOW (FOR USE </HEADLINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200508.gz"
