"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"89526"	"they"	"study"	" No one said it was going to be easy. ``This is the toughest winter we have had in a long time when it comes to getting the field ready,'' says Joe Mooney, superintendent of the grounds at Fenway Park for the last 30 years. As it turns out, this is the year Mooney is handing over the field (he'll keep the work in the grandstand) to young David Mellor, who is coming to Boston from Milwaukee to be the keeper of the hallowed turf. ``We have had so much rain, followed by the snow, the ice has been on the field longer than I can remember,'' says Mooney, who is 71 and wants to back away from some of his duties at Fenway. ``I don't want to think of what this field is going to look like for Opening Day (April 6) if we have more snow. I don't even want to hear the word `snow.' '' Mooney got his first ballpark job in 1947, working for the Red Sox' farm team in Scranton, Pa. ``I lived right across the street from the ballpark. I got paid 70 cents an hour to work on the field, but I loved it. But now it is time to give it up. I don't want to stay around for night games. This kid (Mellor) will do a great job.'' . . . When the state basketball championship games were over last weekend, the winning teams went back to their hometowns to ride in parades, get police escorts, and be honored on their home turf. Not the Charlestown boys team. After winning their second straight state title, the players were bused to Charlestown High before scattering on the subway to various parts of the city. None of them live in Charlestown, and they have no following to speak of. And what did they get from the MIAA, the headmasters group that oversees the state tourneys? Nothing. But, hopefully, this situation soon will be rectified. FleetCenter boss Rich Krezwick, on hearing about the plight of this wonderful team, will treat the Townies to dinner before the April 11 Heat-Celtics game, and Celtics vice president Rich Pond will have the players, coaches, and managers as guests for the game, where they will be introduced to the crowd between the third and fourth quarters. Hopefully, enough money can be raised to help these kids get the same rewards (jackets, trophies) that championship teams in the suburbs receive from their hometowns. These are good kids. They're smart, they study, they want to go to college, and they are being shepherded down the right road by coach Jack O'Brien. If you want to help, you can send a donation to Charlestown High Basketball. Mail it to Coach Jack O'Brien, 240 Medford St., Charlestown MA 02129. This won't get the players a parade, but at least they'll have some kind of memento to keep the rest of their lives. </P> "	"nyt_eng_200103.gz"
"163423"	"I"	"study"	" You're rejecting me because I don't go to parties? I heard my voice crack, but I was too upset to care. You're rejecting me because I don't go out and get drunk every weekend? I work hard, I study, I feed my cat every day. I don't have time to go to parties. I only joined half those clubs so that I could get into Harvard, and now you're saying you'd rather I had gone to parties? ... </P> "	"nyt_eng_200602.gz"
