"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"146121"	"I"	"swiftly"	" This year is great, because I didn't play as much, but I was still able to be up there, she said, adding: I'm happy about them all. They're wonderful years, and I don't want to trade one for the other. </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20041122.0015 type=multi > <HEADLINE> METROPOLITAN DIARY </HEADLINE> <TEXT> A weekly column featuring readers' reports on life in the Big Apple.  NEW YORK -  Dear Diary:  As a New York City tourist guide giving a tour recently to a busload of marathon runners from France, I asked the motor-coach driver to turn into a side street without realizing that toward the end of the block was a construction container on one side of the street and two double-parked cars, one on each end of the container. This meant snaking around the container, which couldn't be done with a coach.  The driver honked to attract the attention of the owner of either car, but to no avail. And we couldn't back out, because two more coaches had followed us into the block, as well as several cars.  My French marathoners stepped off the coach to study the situation. After a few moments they decided to move the second car -- a full-size car at that -- to the other side of the street to allow the coach to get through. No sooner had they voiced the idea than they started to bounce first one end of the car and then the other across the street.  With a few moments to rest, they managed to clear the street for us to pass, to the applause of bystanders who had gathered to watch.  - MANFRED MARKO  Overheard by Nancy Stone at a pre-auction exhibit at Christie's, one woman in her mid-50s to her friend:  Why don't you buy something by an artist that you don't already have?  Dear Diary:  One weekday afternoon, while looking for a parking place, I turned right from Central Park West onto a street in the low 70s. There was a cab behind me obviously in more of a rush than I was, and it kept honking at me to the point of distraction. To rid myself of this annoyance, I swiftly, at the corner, turned right again on Columbus Avenue. I quickly realized my mistake, knowing that I turned the wrong way. Luckily, there were no cars on the block -- except a police car driving slowly down the middle lane. I knew I was cooked, and I stopped as he slowly drove up beside me.  I rolled down my window to greet him. The officer stopped so that he was next to me, lowered his window, looked my way and then calmly said, You want to talk about it?  - CAMILLE REED  Dear Diary:  When I was on my way to work one morning recently, there was a Chinese man on the subway platform coaxing the most beautiful music -- including Ave Maria -- from a primitive-looking two-stringed instrument. I watched and listened appreciatively, and saw that a short woman standing near me was doing the same.  What is he playing? she asked me, noticing that I am Asian. I told her I thought it was a Chinese pi-pa.  When a third woman arrived and gave the man a dollar, the short woman and I did the same. Then the three of us began talking about him. When the third woman also asked me what instrument he was playing, I realized I was not sure and asked him in Mandarin. (Turns out, it was an erhu.)  Could you please ask him if he's available to play at parties? she asked. I told her my Mandarin was pretty rusty. And when the downtown 6 train started rumbling toward the platform, I feared I wouldn't be able to summon the words in time to ask for her.  But just before the train doors opened, I managed to, in pidgin Chinese.  Sir, may I ask, this woman wants to ask you that if she invited people over to her house, would you be able to come and - I trailed off and mimicked drawing a bow across strings. He said yes. I told the woman his answer and said she should give him her name and number.  After the short woman and I boarded the train, we were happy to see the two smiling as they exchanged slips of paper. Then she leaned over and said, I don't know what you call it in Chinese, but in my culture what you just did was a mitzvah.  - PAULA CHIN  Dear Diary:  I have found that two qualities of worldly New Yorkers are broadmindedness and acceptance of what would on the surface seem improbable.  An example: On a recent visit to New York, my partner and I were sitting in the lobby of the Vivian Beaumont Theater waiting for the theater doors to open. Two superbly dressed older women stopped in front of us to talk.  We asked if they wanted our seats. They thanked us and said they preferred to stand. They proceeded with their conversation. First: How are the grandchildren?  Second: Oh, they're wonderful. They came over to celebrate my 82nd birthday. They were so cute.  First (interrupting): You're 82?  Second (just a little taken aback): Why, yes. But so are you.  First: Oh, no I'm not!  Second: Dear, we went to high school together!  First: That may be. But I'm nowhere near 80!  The second woman rolled her eyes and looked at us and then at her companion. Years of understanding and tolerance came forward. Yes, yes, of course, dear, she said. And how are your grandchildren?  - DAVID LAZZARI  Rich Stanton was walking down West 73rd Street toward the B train. Traffic was backed up behind a garbage truck that was making its rounds. A well-dressed man in a pricey car was first in line behind the truck. He got out of the car and asked calmly, The only way I'll get moving is if this trash gets picked up faster?  That's right, replied the trash man.  With that, the guy from the car started picking up trash bags and loading them in the truck. The trash man just chuckled as they worked side by side. </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20041122.0016 type=story > <HEADLINE> TRAIN TRAVEL IN TUSCALOOSA FACES UNCERTAIN FUTURE </HEADLINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200411.gz"
