"pronoun"	"verb"	"context"	"filename"
"155924"	"he"	"trembled"	" Bob Dart's e-mail address is bdart@coxnews.com </P> </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050728.0171 type=advis > <HEADLINE> UPDATE-NYT-BUDGET </HEADLINE> <TEXT> Editors, in addition to those stories listed on the AM-NYT-BUDGET, AM-ADD-NYT-BUDGET, BC-PAGE1-CONSIDER, BC-EARLY-FRONTPAGE and BC-FINFRONTS, these stories will also move on The New York Times News Service wire for Friday, July 29. For information, phone: 888-346-9867 or 212-556-1927.  INTERNATIONAL  (Will move in the i news file.)  IRAN-HOSTAGES (Washington) -- Developments in the assertion by the former American hostages in Tehran that the president-elect of Iran was one of their captors. The focus of scrutiny has been photos of an Iranian captor in 1979 and the president-elect. By Joel Brinkley.  NKOREA-NUKES (Washington) -- The United States and North Korea on Thursday met for the third time this week in a tough session that lasted roughly three hours as negotiators moved past generalities and focused on the specifics of their dispute over North Korea's nuclear program. Details from the talks. By Jim Yardley and David E. Sanger.  BOSNIA-WARCRIMES (Ljubljana, Slovenia) -- The wife of one of Bosnia's most-wanted war crimes suspects, Radovan Karadzic, made a surprise and impassioned plea on Thursday for him to turn himself in to the U.N. war crimes tribunal in the Hague after nearly 10 years on the run. In an interview broadcast on television stations across the region, Ljiljana Karadzic, said her family could no longer live with the constant pressure from international and local security forces seeking her husband's arrest Karadzic, the war-time leader of the Bosnian Serbs, is the leading war crimes suspect in the Balkans alongside the former commander of the Bosnian Serb Army, Gen. Ratko Mladic. By Nicholas Wood.  AVIGNON-FESTIVAL (Avignon, France) -- If this southern French city had a motto, it might be, say what you like about me, just make sure you spell my name right. This summer, the annual theater festival in Avignon, arguably the best known in France, appeared to be putting that age-old publicity strategy to the test. An Avignon Journal, by John Tagliabue.  WASHINGTON  (Will move in the w news file.)  ROBERTS-DOCUMENTS (Washington) -- Further insights into Supreme Court nominee John G. Roberts from memorandums released this week by the National Archives. By Jonathan D. Glater Jr.  NATIONAL GENERAL  (Will move in a news file.)  BREAST-IMPLANT (Undated) -- The FDA has given provisional approval to one company to sell silicone breast implants, which have been banned because of safety concerns. By Gardiner Harris.  HARVARD-RESIGN (Undated) -- A member of the Harvard Corp. said Thursday that he had resigned over disagreements with the university's president, Lawrence H. Summers. Conrad Harper, who is one of seven members of the corporation, which governs the university, said in a telephone interview, I have concluded I can no longer support President Summers. Harper, a lawyer in Manhattan who was the only African-American member of the Harvard Corp., declined to discuss his specific reasons for stepping down. He said he had laid them out in a letter to Summers and other members of the corporation on July 14, but he declined to release the letter. Harvard officials also declined to make the letter public, saying it was private. By Alan Finder.  NY-IMMIG-GATEWAY (New York) -- The government had been keeping tabs on immigrants since 1820, but Castle Garden at the Battery, originally built to defend the city from foreigners, was New York's first official disembarkation point. It was the gateway for immigrants until 1890 when federal officials took over responsibility for the newcomers, who were processed first at the nearby Barge Office and, starting in 1892, on Ellis Island. Ellis Island may claim more of the ancestral spotlight, but Castle Garden was no slouch. More than one in six native-born Americans are descendants of the 8 million immigrants who entered the United States through Castle Garden in lower Manhattan beginning 150 years ago Monday. By Sam Roberts.  NY-ARGENTINE-IMMIG (New York) -- Twenty-six years ago, as a young political refugee from Argentina, Hector M. Timerman was afraid to ask police officers for directions. When the landlord of his Greenwich Village apartment failed to provide heat, he just moved. And when he faced a judge in small-claims court, he trembled, remembering judges in Argentina under the military dictatorship that had imprisoned and tortured his father. Today, Timerman, 51, is consul general of a democratic Argentina in New York, a city where he feels thoroughly at home. But he has not forgotten what it is like to be a newcomer. He has just published the consulate's first guide for Argentine immigrants in the New York metropolitan region, who now number an estimated 100,000, both legal and illegal. Similar guides are contemplated for Argentines in Miami and Los Angeles. By Nina Bernstein.  NY-PATAKI-LEGACY (Albany, N.Y.) -- When Gov. George E. Pataki announced this week that he would not seek a fourth term as governor, quite a few news accounts identified him the same way they did more than a decade ago: as the man who beat Mario M. Cuomo. It was, in a way, an odd characteristic to choose to define a man who has led one of the nation's largest states for more than 10 years, and who is flirting very publicly with the idea of running for president. But it underscored a sense that Pataki has yet to leave a single clear, defining legacy. To a great extent, he is still the un-Cuomo. A political memo by Michael Cooper.  (Editors: Budgets and advisories are internal documents not for publication or redistribution outside of client news organizations. Unauthorized use of budgets and advisories constitutes a violation of our contract terms. All clients receive all budgets, but only full-service clients receive all stories. Please check your level of service to determine which stories you will receive.) </TEXT> </DOC> <DOC id=NYT_ENG_20050728.0172 type=story > <HEADLINE> ART REVIEW: AIRBORNE SEX AND WICKED WALLPAPER: SENSUAL SAMPLINGS </HEADLINE> <DATELINE> RIDGEFIELD, Conn. </DATELINE> <TEXT> "	"nyt_eng_200507.gz"
